R 28-year-old chef found dead at san francisco mall
H the 28-year-old cook was found dead in a san francisco mall 7
H the 28 cook was found dead in a san francisco mall 11
H 28-year-old chef found dead in a shopping mall in san francisco 7
R a 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to san francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week .
H a 28-year-old chef who recently moved to san francisco was found dead this week at a local shopping mall . 11
H a 28 chef , who has just moved to san francisco , was found dead on the stairs of a local mall this week . 14
H a 28-year-old chef who recently moved to san francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week . 1
R but the victim 's brother says he ca n't think of anyone who would want to hurt him , saying , `` things were finally going well for him . ''
H but the victim 's brother said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him and said `` it 's all right . '' 27
H but the victim 's brother said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him , and said , `` everything is finally good . '' 22
H but the victim 's brother said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm him and said , `` it 's all right . '' 26
R the body found at the westfield mall wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old san francisco resident frank galicia , the san francisco medical examiner 's office said .
H the san francisco coroner 's office said the body found in the west field shopping mall wednesday morning was identified as a 28-year-old san francisco resident frank galvis . 27
H the san francisco test said the body found on wednesday morning at the nishida shopping centre was confirmed as the 28 year-old san francisco resident frank galicia . 29
H the san francisco coroner 's office said the body found at the tian mall in wednesday was confirmed as the 28-year-old san francisco resident frank in . 27
R the san francisco police department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing .
H the san francisco police department said the death case was found to be homicide and was under investigation . 11
H the san francisco police station said the death was found to have killed him and is under investigation . 15
H the san francisco police department said the death case was found to be homicide and is under investigation . 11
R the victim 's brother , louis galicia , told abc station kgo in san francisco that frank , previously a line cook in boston , had landed his dream job as line chef at san francisco 's sons & daughters restaurant six months ago .
H the victim 's brother , louis galgala , told abc radio , based in san francisco , that frank , who worked as an assembly line chef in san francisco six months ago , found an ideal job for a pipeline chef in san francisco 's san francisco & daughtry restaurant six months ago . 42
H victims brother , the victim 's brother , said frank kgo , the former line chef in boston , found an ideal job for a line chef in san francisco , san francisco , six months ago . 44
H the victim 's brother , louis in , told abc 's radio kgo in san francisco that frank , who worked as a line chef in boston , found an ideal job as a line chef at sons & daughters restaurant in san francisco six months ago . 27
R a spokesperson for sons & daughters said they were `` shocked and devastated '' by his death .
H a spokesman for the duke & daughtry restaurant said they were `` very shocked '' by frank 's death . 15
H a spokesman for the sons & daughters restaurant said they were `` very shocked '' about frank 's death . 13
H a spokesman for the sons & daughters restaurant said they were `` very shocked '' at frank 's death . 13
R `` we are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed , '' the spokesperson said .
H `` we are getting along with a small team like a family , and we will miss him deeply , '' the spokesman said . 18
H `` we are a small team with a close family , and we will miss him deeply , '' the spokesman said . 16
H `` we are a small team with a close family and we will miss him deeply , '' the spokeswoman said . 15
R our thoughts and condolences are with frank 's family and friends at this difficult time .
H in this time of grief , we express our deep sympathy and condolences to frank 's family and friends . 18
H at this sad moment , we express our deep sympathy and condolences to frank 's family and friends . 17
H at this sad moment , we express our deepest sympathy and condolences to frank 's family and friends . 17
R louis galicia said frank initially stayed in hostels , but recently , `` things were finally going well for him . ''
H louis galgala said frank was at first living in a guest house , but recently it was `` all right . '' 24
H louis said frank initially lived in a guest house , but recently `` everything was finally good . '' 17
H louis in said that frank had initially lived in a guest house , but lately `` everything is finally going well . '' 19
R `` he found an apartment , he was dating a girl , '' louis galicia told kgo .
H louis galaldi told knox that `` frank found an apartment and was interacting with a girl . '' 20
H louis told kgo : `` frank finds an apartment and is in contact with a girl . '' 24
H louis in told kgo : `` frank found an apartment and was seeing a girl . '' 19
R louis galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother .
H louis galvis said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm his brother . 5
H louis said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm his brother . 4
H louis in said he could not think of anyone who would want to harm his brother . 5
R he was a kind spirit with a big heart .
H frank has a good heart and a broad heart . 12
H frank has a good heart and a broad mind . 14
H frank has a kind heart and broad mind . 11
R his way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish , making us dinner , '' louis galicia said .
H `` frank often cooks dinner for his family , '' louis gallow said . 24
H `` frank often cooks dinner for his family , '' louis said . 23
H `` frank often cooks dinner for his family , '' says louis in . 26
R he never wanted to be in any kind of altercation .
H he was never willing to quarrel with his family . 13
H he was never willing to quarrel with his family . 13
H he never wants to quarrel with his family . 12
R he was the brother that went with the flow .
H he is a man of all opinions . 14
H he was a man who followed the opinions of everyone . 13
H he is a man of opinion . 13
R `` with everything else that 's going wrong with the world , he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day , '' he said .
H `` all things in the world is likely to go wrong , but frank is a man who glows on a daily basis of the one who shines on the outside , '' louis galvis said . 50
H `` all things in the world are likely to go wrong , but frank is a diamond man who shines every day , '' louis said . 36
H `` everything in the world can go wrong , but frank is a diamond who shines every day , '' said louis in . 31
R anyone with information is asked to call the sfpd tip line at 415-575-4444 .
H please call the san francisco police station for 415-55-4444 . 18
H for a clue , please call the san francisco police station to report telephone . 27
H for clues , please call the san francisco police station to report 415-575-4444 . 20
R junior doctors strike : calls for fresh industrial action
H a strike by a junior doctor : calling for new labour action 13
H primary doctor 's strike : calls for new labour action 10
H primary doctor strike : calls for new labour action 8
R representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract .
H the representative of the junior doctor called on the coalition to approve its new labour action against the new contract dispute . 26
H the representative of the primary doctor called on the alliance to approve new labour actions against new contract disputes . 28
H the junior doctor 's representative called on the coalition to approve new labour actions for new contract disputes . 28
R the junior doctors committee ( jdc ) of the british medical association ( bma ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early september .
H the medical association of the british medical association 's primary medical committee will require its members to begin supporting more labour operations since early september . 33
H the british medical association primary committee will require all its members to support more labour operations since early september . 30
H the british medical association 's junior doctors committee will require all its members to support more labour action since early september . 31
R the jdc says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract .
H the committee said ministers had failed to address the concerns about the contract . 7
H the primary said the ministers did not resolve their concerns about the contract . 13
H the junior doctors committee said the ministers had not resolved their concerns about the contract . 15
R junior doctors and medical students voted in july to reject a contract deal agreed with the bma .
H junior doctors and medical students voted to boycott contract deals with the british medical association in july . 14
H the primary doctor and medical students voted in july to boycott contract transactions with the british medical association . 15
H junior doctors and medical students voted in july to boycott the contract deal with the british medical association . 9
R it was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot .
H of the members of the vote , 58 per cent of members of the vote were opposed to the contract transaction . 27
H of the members participating in the voting , 58 % were opposed to the contract . 21
H 58 % of the members participating in the vote objected to the contract transaction . 16
R in a letter to members released on twitter on thursday night , the jdc 's chair ellen mccourt said the government had remained `` persistently silent '' on issues which , she said , had resulted in the contract being rejected .
H in a letter issued on twitter late thursday by ellen mcrae , chairman of the committee of primary physicians , said that the government had `` consistently kept silent '' about the issues that had led to issue of a boycott of the contract . 48
H primary president , chairman of the primary committee , said in a letter from a letters member on twitter thursday that the government `` has always been silent '' on the issue of the resistance to the contract . 52
H mccourt , chairman of the junior doctors committee , said in a letter to members in late thursday that the government had `` always remained silent '' on issues that led to a boycott of the contract . 47
R she said : `` in light of this , the jdc executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns . ''
H `` because of this , the commission 's executive committee has voted unanimously to dismiss the proposed new contract altogether and call for a return to formal consultations on all concerns , '' she said . 32
H `` light , the executive committee of the primary committee , has voted to reject the proposed new contract and calls for a resumption of formal consultations on all concerns , '' she said . 32
H `` in view of this , the executive committee of the junior medical council has voted to reject the proposed new contract in its entirety and to call for formal consultations on all concerns , '' she said . 26
R in response to the government 's silence , jdc exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of bma council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early september .
H in response to the government 's silence , the commission 's executive committee of the board of directors today formally asked the council of british medical associations to hold a special meeting to approve a long-term plan to upgrade labour operations starting in early september . 50
H in response to the silence of the government , the executive committee of the primary committee officially requested the council of the british medical association to convene a special session to approve a long-term plan aimed at upgrading labour operations from the beginning of september . 60
H in response to the government 's reticence , the executive committee of the junior doctors committee today formally requested the council of the british medical association to convene a special session to approve a long-term plan for the commencement of the upgrading of labour operations from early september . 56
R the dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year , including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the nhs .
H the dispute has led junior doctors to participate in six strikes this year , including the first full-scale strike in the history of the nhs . 11
H the dispute has led primary doctors to participate in six strikes this year , including the first comprehensive strike in the history of the british national medical service . 18
H the dispute has led primary doctors to participate in six strikes this year , including the first comprehensive strike in the history of the british national health service . 18
R the bma 's junior doctor leader , dr johann malawana , resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract , which the bma had recommended .
H dr. ralph malawana , a junior doctor at the british medical association , resigned after a boycott of the terms agreed contract recommended by the british medical association . 43
H dr. johann malawana , a junior doctor leader of the british medical association , resigned after a boycott of the agreed terms of the contract recommended by the british medical association . 40
H dr. johann malawana , a junior physician leader at the british medical association , resigned after the british medical association 's proposed contract agreement was rejected by a vote . 47
R he had told bma members the deal was a good one that should be accepted , during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students .
H in meetings before the poll of 54,000 primary doctors and medical students , he told the members of the british medical association that the deal was good and should therefore be accepted . 43
H in a meeting before the vote of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students , he had said to the british medical association members that the deal was good and should be accepted . 43
H at a meeting of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students before the polls , he told members of the british medical association that the deal was good and should be accepted . 44
R following the vote , health secretary jeremy hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in england .
H after the vote , the health minister jeremy zhu said the contract would be enforced in england 's health care personnel . 16
H after the vote , the minister of health , hunt hunt , said the contract would be enforced in england 's medical staff . 18
H after the vote , the health minister , jeremy hunt , said the contract would be enforced among health care workers in england . 15
R russia and turkey : an 'alliance of misfits ' ?
H russia and turkey : `` out of the union '' ? 10
H russia and turkey : `` incompatible union '' ? 8
H russia and turkey : `` incompatible alliances '' ? 8
R it was a gesture that ended a crisis .
H a gesture ended a crisis . 3
H a gesture ended a crisis . 3
H a gesture to end a crisis . 6
R the leaders of russia and turkey met on tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions .
H russian and turkish leaders met tuesday , shaking hands and announcing a formal end to the eight-month war and economic sanctions . 20
H russia and turkish leaders met on tuesday , shaking hands and announcing a formal end to eight months of rhetoric and economic sanctions . 20
H russian and turkish leaders met in tuesday to shake hands and announce a formal end to eight months of fighting and economic sanctions . 20
R but , as vladimir putin greeted his turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a st. petersburg palace , i got the distinct impression that ankara wants this reconciliation the most .
H however , when vladimir putin greeted the president of turkey in a splendid hall of the palace of st. petersburg 's palace , i felt a strong feeling that the reconciliation was the most desirable thing in ankara . 38
H however , when vladimir putin met the president of turkey in the magnificent halls of a petersburg palace , i had a strong feeling that the settlement was the most promising thing in ankara . 38
H however , when vladimir putin greeted the turkish president in a magnificent hall in the palace of st. petersburg , i had a strong feeling that the settlement was what ankara would most like to see . 37
R there was the handshake , yes .
H yes , the two sides did shake hands . 12
H yes , the two sides did shake hands . 12
H yes , the two sides did shake hands . 12
R but mr putin 's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards .
H however , even as mr putin has always restrained by the standards that mr putin , mr putin is only a shallow smile , almost unenthusiastic . 38
H however , even in the light of mr. putin 's usual standards of convergence , putin is only 浅浅微笑 , with little enthusiasm . 35
H however , even as mr putin 's usual standard of restraint , putin is only a shallow smile , almost no enthusiasm . 33
R recep tayyip erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his `` dear friend '' mr putin - five times , according to one report .
H according to reports , mr. recep tayyip erdoğan reportedly referred to `` good friend '' putin five times . 26
H the recep tayyip erdoğan was reported to have referred five times to `` good friend '' putin . 28
H according to reports , recep five times mentioned `` good friend '' putin . 26
R i lost count .
H i ca n't remember . 7
H i ca n't remember . 7
H i ca n't remember . 7
R he also pledged that relations with russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level , but even higher .
H at the same time , he promised that relations with his commitment to russia will return to pre-crisis levels and even to a higher level . 24
H at the same time , he promised that relations with russia would return to the pre-crisis level , even at a higher level . 16
H at the same time , he promised that relations with russia would return to pre-crisis levels , even to a higher level . 17
R the next day one newspaper here described mr erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened .
H the next day , a newspaper here wrote that mr erdogan acted as if nothing had happened . 11
H the next day , a newspaper wrote that mr. erdogan did not seem to have done anything . 24
H the next day , a newspaper here wrote that mr erdogan acted as if nothing had happened . 11
R to me , his enthusiasm implied the opposite .
H but i think his enthusiasm hints at in some of the opposite direction . 13
H but i think his enthusiasm suggests something to the contrary . 12
H but i think his enthusiasm hints at something opposite . 11
R but a lingering coolness emanating from mr putin showed that russia 's leader has forgotten nothing .
H yet mr putin 's continuing indifference suggests that he has not forgotten anything . 19
H however , mr. putin 's continued indifference suggests that he has not forgotten anything . 21
H however , mr putin 's persistent indifference suggests that he has not forgotten anything . 20
R in fact , the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : turkey 's shooting down of a russian fighter plane on the syrian border .
H in fact , the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the cause of the crisis : turkey shot down a russian fighter plane at the syrian border . 21
H indeed , the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the cause of the crisis : turkey shot down a russian warplane on the syrian border . 25
H in fact , the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks was the cause of the crisis : turkey shot down a russian fighter plane on the syrian border . 19
R moscow 's reaction at the time was furious .
H moscow 's reaction was intense . 5
H moscow 's reaction at the time was very intense . 3
H moscow reacted violently . 10
R mr putin lashed out , accusing ankara of stabbing moscow in the back .
H mr. putin lashed out at the incident , accusing ankara of backstabbing moscow . 9
H mr. putin was violent against the incident , accusing ankara of plotting against moscow . 14
H mr putin lashed out at the incident , accusing ankara of plotting against moscow behind the scenes . 10
R the offence was even greater , coming from a supposed friend .
H attacks from so-called friends are more difficult to accept . 20
H attacks from so-called friends are more difficult to accept . 20
H attacks from so-called friends are more difficult to accept . 20
R rebuilding real trust will be hard , perhaps impossible .
H it is difficult for both parties to re-establish genuine trust . 19
H it is difficult , or even impossible , to re-establish real trust . 19
H it is difficult , or impossible , to re-establish true trust . 18
R russian public opinion has also turned since november .
H russian public opinion has also reversed since november . 2
H since november , russian public opinion has been reversed . 9
H russian public opinion has also been reversed since november . 3
R for months , state-controlled media conducted a staggering , all-out offensive against ankara .
H over the months , the government-controlled media had carried out a shocking offensive against ankara . 16
H over the months , the government media carried out a shocking and shocking attack on ankara . 23
H for months , the government-controlled media have made a shocking and all-out attack on ankara . 14
R all of a sudden , it seemed like turks were to blame for everything .
H suddenly , the turks seemed to be responsible for everything . 14
H suddenly , the turks seem to be responsible for everything . 14
H suddenly , the turks seemed to be responsible for everything . 14
R most serious were accusations from top officials that mr erdogan 's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of syria controlled by the so-called islamic state .
H among them , the most serious is the accusations from senior officials that mr. erdogan 's family benefited from illegal oil deals in the syrian territory controlled by the so-called islamic state of syria . 28
H among them , the most serious is the criticism from senior officials : mr. erdogan 's family has benefited from the illegal oil trade in the so-called state syrian area . 30
H among the most serious are accusations from senior officials : mr erdogan 's family profited from the illegal oil deals in the so-called islamic state-controlled syrian region . 26
R he 's denied that emphatically .
H he has categorically denied the claim . 8
H he has categorically denied that claim . 6
H he has flatly denied such a statement . 9
R but in st. petersburg came the official message that it 's time to move on .
H however , the news from st. petersburg showed that it was time to look forward . 19
H however , the news from petersburg showed that it was time to look forward . 21
H however , the news from fort petersburg shows that it is time to look ahead . 22
R after all , this meeting only happened because mr putin got the apology he demanded from president erdogan .
H the meeting , after all , is the premise that mr putin has received an apology from turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . 22
H after all , the meeting was premised on mr. putin 's apology from the turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan . 21
H after all , the meeting was premised on mr. putin 's apology from turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . 18
R russia could claim a victory of sorts .
H russia can declare victory . 7
H russia can declare victory . 7
H russia can declare victory . 7
R for ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear .
H for ankara , the benefits of truce are obvious . 5
H for ankara , the benefits of the truce are obvious . 6
H for ankara , the benefits of a truce are obvious . 4
R first and foremost , erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup .
H first , mr erdogan , who narrowly escaped from office after a coup last month , needed the support of all his friends . 36
H first , erdoğan narrowly escaped from power after the defeat of the coup last month , so he needs the support of all his friends . 38
H first , mr erdogan narrowly missed his ouster after the coup failed last month , so he needs the support of all his friends . 37
R repeat terror attacks on turkey have clearly shaken him too .
H the constant terrorist attacks have clearly dealt a blow to him . 13
H the ongoing terrorist attacks have apparently been a great blow to him . 16
H the ongoing terrorist attacks have obviously hit him hard . 13
R there is also an economic motive .
H there are also economic motivations . 5
H there are also economic motivations . 5
H there are also economic motives . 5
R russian sanctions have hit hard - particularly the ban on charter flights , which usually carry several million russian tourists to the turkish coast each year .
H russia 's sanctions are a major blow to turkey , particularly the ban on charter services that can carry millions of russian tourists to the turkish coast to the turkish coast each year . 30
H russian sanctions have been hit by turkey , in particular the ban on air charter services that can deliver millions of russian tourists to the turkish coast every year . 25
H russia has been hit hard by sanctions against turkey , in particular by banning charter services that can send millions of of russian tourists to the turkish coast every year . 36
R the number has slumped by almost 90 % .
H that figure has fallen sharply by nearly 90 per cent . 12
H the figure has fallen by nearly 90 % . 6
H the figure has fallen by nearly 90 % . 6
R as for russia , tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume .
H as the flight resumes , russian travel agencies and charter companies will be relieved as flights recover . 17
H with the return of the flight , russia 's travel agency and charter company will be relieved . 24
H as the flight resumes , russian travel agencies and charter companies will be relieved . 16
R they 're banking on a late-season rush to the mediterranean .
H they will usher in the mediterranean tourist boom at the end of the season . 21
H they will usher in the end of the end of the mediterranean sea . 20
H they will usher in the mediterranean tourist season at the quarter . 18
R and even this week , state tv has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once turkish agricultural imports are permitted again .
H state television even predicted this week that the price of fruit and vegetables would decline once turkey 's farm imports reopened . 27
H national television even predicted this week that the price of fruit and vegetables will fall once the import of turkish agricultural products is 重新 . 27
H state television even predicted this week that the price of fruits and vegetables would fall once turkey 's agricultural imports were reopened . 28
R `` tourists that way , tomatoes back here , '' as a report in vedemosti newspaper phrased it .
H `` the tourists went and the tomatoes came back , '' said a moscow newspaper ishemosti reported . 19
H `` the tourists went , and the tomato came back , '' a report from the moscow newspaper vedemosti . 19
H `` the tourists are gone and the tomatoes are back , '' said a report by vedemosti , a moscow newspaper . 19
R but the visit also had additional political value for moscow .
H for moscow , the visit also has additional political value . 8
H for moscow , the visit also has additional political value . 8
H for moscow , the visit also has added political value . 10
R ankara is angry with the west for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover .
H ankara is angry at the west 's weak response to takeover intentions . 12
H ankara is outraged by the weak response of the western world to the intention to take over . 20
H ankara was outraged by the west 's faint reaction to takeover intentions . 20
R add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail 's pace of talks to join the eu and step in mr putin - who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at turkey 's ties with the west .
H in addition , ankara is unhappy with the slow progress of eu accession talks and putin 's involvement in the long term , with putin keen to exploit the political chill and to weaken relations between turkey and the west . 58
H moreover , ankara has long been dissatisfied with the slow pace of accession to eu negotiations and putin 's intervention , and putin is keen to use political chill and weaken turkey 's relations with the west . 46
H in addition , ankara is keen to take advantage of the political chill and weaken turkey 's relations with the west in a long period of frustration over the slow progress of joining the eu negotiations and mr putin 's involvement . 62
R the russian leader certainly won bonus points with ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup .
H with the support of the elected authorities after the failed coup , the russian leadership will surely gain ankara points as a result of . 27
H as a result of the defeat of the elected authorities after the coup failed , russia 's leaders will be given the points of ankara . 31
H with the election of the elected authorities after the failure of the coup , russia 's leaders will be given ankara 's bonus points . 31
R mind you , that 's a given for moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change .
H note that this is a gift for moscow , which has been deeply rooted in regime change . 22
H note that this is a gift for moscow , which has been deeply rooted in fear of regime change . 20
H note that this is a gift to moscow , which has been deeply rooted in the fear of regime change . 23
R so the summit at this glitzy , seaside palace allowed russia and turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an `` alliance of misfits '' : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the west , joining forces .
H as a result , the meeting held at the magnificent seaside palace made russia and turkey , two of the were rejected by the western world , and an in , as an analyst described it as `` incompatible . '' 60
H as a result , the meeting in this magnificent seaside palace led to two russian and turkish allies who had been rejected and abused by the western world , and an analyst described it as a `` incompatible alliance . '' 62
H thus , the meeting in this magnificent seaside palace has made russia and turkey an ally of two countries rejected and abused by the west , an analyst who described it as `` incompatible alliances '' . 48
R still , despite the public display of reconciliation , the two still have major differences .
H however , despite public reconciliation , significant differences still exist . 13
H however , despite public reconciliation , there are still significant differences between the two sides . 16
H however , despite public reconciliation , there are still significant differences between the two sides . 16
R the key one is syria , where moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where russia and turkey back opposite sides .
H syria is one of the key factors . moscow has played a role as a peacemaker in syria recently , while russia and turkey support the opposite faction . 31
H syria is one of the key factors . moscow has recently played a role in syria , while russia and turkey have supported the opposite factions . 31
H syria is one of the key factors . moscow recently played the role of peacemaker in syria , while russia and turkey support the opposing factions . 33
R it could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks , the two presidents told a press conference that they had n't even touched on the topic .
H predictably , after nearly three hours of initial talks , the two presidents said at a conference that the subject had not yet been spoken . 28
H predictably , after nearly three hours of preliminary conversation , the two presidents said at the conference that they had not yet talked about the topic . 29
H predictably , after nearly three hours of preliminary talks , the two presidents said at the press conference that they had not yet talked about the topic . 26
R turkey 's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences , while mr putin chose to underline them .
H the president of turkey deliberately avoided questions about the differences between the two sides , while mr putin emphasized it . 24
H the president of turkey deliberately avoided the question of the differences between the two sides , while putin emphasized . 23
H the turkish president deliberately sidestepped the issue of disagreement between the two sides , while putin stressed it . 28
R there is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on syria .
H the two sides have reached a clear consensus on how to seek differences did not agree on the syrian issue . 24
H there is no clear consensus between the two sides on how to find common ground on the syrian issue . 15
H the two sides have not reached a clear consensus on how to disagree on syria . 19
R but after months of open hostility - and given the potential for utter disaster when nato member turkey shot down that russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again .
H the resumption of dialogue will surely be a good thing for the two countries to restart their leaders of the north atlantic treaty organization , which brought down a few months of public hostilities and a major disaster in nato member states . 68
H the resumption of dialogue between the leaders of the two countries is certainly a good thing when the two leaders of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) , turkey , have brought down the months of public hostility and a major disaster . 68
H the resumption of dialogue between the two leaders is certainly a good thing , with the possibility of months of open hostility and a major catastrophe caused by the shooting down of russian warplanes by turkey , a member of the north atlantic treaty organization . 65
R royal bank of scotland to disappear for customers outside scotland
H royal bank of scotland will no longer be a customer service outside scotland 11
H the royal bank of scotland will no longer serve customers outside scotland 8
H royal bank of scotland will no longer serve customers outside scotland 7
R the brand rbs is to be reduced to a back office role , according to the bank 's chief executive .
H according to rbs chief executive , banks will be simplified into a logistics department . 27
H banks will be simplified as a logistics sector , according to the chief executive officer of the royal bank of scotland . 26
H according to rbs 's chief executive , the bank will be reduced to a logistics unit . 26
R royal bank of scotland will disappear for customers outside scotland .
H royal bank of scotland will no longer be a customer service outside scotland . 9
H the royal bank of scotland will no longer serve customers outside scotland . 6
H royal bank of scotland will no longer serve customers outside scotland . 5
R ross mcewan told bbc scotland that the rbs brand was associated with the bank 's global ambitions .
H ross mcewan told the bbc scotland division that rbs , where rbs was once committed to its global ambitions . 17
H ross mcewen told the bbc scotland that the royal bank of scotland had been committed to its global ambitions . 19
H ross mckyon told the bbc scottish division that the royal bank of scotland brand was committed to its global ambitions . 20
R it has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out .
H but eight years ago , on the verge of collapse , and it had to be accepted that the rescue , and to accept the rescue had been abandoned since then . 35
H but eight years ago , he was on the verge of bankruptcy and had to accept relief from that time to give up the pursuit . 31
H but eight years ago , the brink of collapse , had to accept the rescue from then on to abandon the pursuit . 30
R during that time , brand strategists have used 'rbs ' to protect other consumer finance brands .
H during that time , brand strategists used rbs to protect other consumer finance brands . 3
H at that time , brand strategists used rbs to protect other consumer financial brands . 7
H during that time , brand strategists used srbs to protect other consumer financial brands . 7
R it was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport , from six nations rugby to wimbledon champion andy murray .
H the group has spent millions of pounds to sponsor international sporting events such as the football six nations by andy murray , champion of rugby six nations and the wimbledon tennis championship . 38
H the group has spent millions of pounds to sponsor the international sporting events , such as andy murray , the champion of the rugby six and wimbledon tennis championships . 37
H the group has spent £ millions of to sponsor international sporting events , including the rugby six-nation tournament and wimbledon tennis championship champion andy . 32
R but now , it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore .
H but now , the right thing to do is to make more national brands come true . 15
H but now , the right thing is to make more national brands figure . 14
H but now , the right thing to do is make more national brands emerge . 15
R royal bank of scotland will be used with scottish customers , but will not be initialised .
H royal bank of scotland will be used for scottish clients but will not return . 8
H the royal bank of scotland will be used by scottish customers , but will not return to it . 8
H rbs will be used for scottish customers but will not revert to the original . 14
R in england and wales , all rbs references , outside head office and the stock exchange listing , will be changed to natwest .
H in england and wales , all references outside the headquarters and the stock exchange will be changed to the national westminster bank . 13
H in england and wales , all references to headquarters and stock exchanges will be changed to the national westminster bank . 17
H in england and wales , all references outside the headquarters and stock exchanges will be changed to the national westminster bank . 16
R the ulster bank brand is already used for customers in the republic of ireland and northern ireland .
H the ulster bank brand has been used for clients in the republic of ireland and the autonomous region of northern ireland autonomous region . 12
H the brand has been used for customers in the republic of ireland and the northern ireland autonomous region . 9
H the ulster bank brand has been used to ireland , rep. of customers in the autonomous region of northern ireland . 16
R there are other , smaller brands for private banking , which will get more prominence - coutts , adam & co , drummond , and holt 's military bank .
H there are also some of the other smaller , more prominent private banking brands , such as the bank of gu , adam & co. , drummond and dodge 's bank . 29
H there are other more prominent private banking brands , such as bank bank , adam & co , drummond and holt 's . 21
H there are other , more prominent , smaller private banking brands , such as guzi bank , adam & co , drummond and holts military bank . 22
R mr mcewan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in inverness-shire .
H mr. mcewan was interviewed in an interview with the staff during a visit to his staff and staff in hertfordshire . 18
H mr. mcewen was interviewed in the visit of the customers and employees in inverness county . 15
H mr. mcewen was interviewed by clients and employees in inverness county . 15
R he told bbc scotland : `` the rbs brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with , because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands . ''
H he told the bbc scotland that `` royal bank of scotland brand will eventually become our investor brand and that it is one of the employees , because we have become a big bank with many brands . '' 38
H `` the royal bank of scotland will eventually become our investor brand and one of its employees , because we have become a bank with a large number of brands , '' he told bbc scotland . 44
H he told the bbc 's scottish division : `` the royal bank of scotland brand will eventually become our investor brand and one of the employees ' hired brands because we have become a bank with many brands in the larger sense now . '' 45
R as the bank itself became a global brand , rbs became the global brand .
H as the bank itself became an international brand , rbs became a global brand . 6
H as the bank itself becomes an international brand , rbs has become a global brand . 11
H as the bank itself becomes an international brand , rbs has become a global brand . 11
R i 'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations , we have local aspirations .
H at the moment , i would like to say that we are no longer focused on the world , and we have turned our eyes to the mainland . 30
H at the moment , i would like to say that we no longer focus on the world , and we have turned our eyes to the country . 29
H at present , i would like to say that we are no longer focused on the global , we have turned our eyes to the mainland . 26
R each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities , and our staff will work with customers under those brands .
H each brand represents different industries , and our employees are customer-service through different brands . 30
H each brand represents the differences in their respective industries , and our employees serve customers through different brands . 28
H each of the a brands represents a different industry , and our employees serve customers through different brands . 26
R rbs had already stated that it would not to continue its six nations sponsorship , and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship .
H royal bank of scotland has indicated that it will not continue to sponsor the six nations championship , while efforts have been made to upgrade the image of different brands at sporting events . 38
H the royal bank of scotland has shown that it will not continue to sponsor the six tournament ; at the same time , efforts have been made to raise the image of different brands in sports events . 40
H rbs has indicated it will not continue to sponsor the six-nation championships , and has tried to raise the profile of various brands in sporting events . 31
R `` the time is right for us to move to the bank of brands , because underneath ( we 've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? '' said the chief executive .
H `` it 's time to become a multi-brand bank , because we 've been looking for ways to become a better customer bank , '' the ceo said . 44
H `` now it is time to become a more bank , because in private we have been exploring how to become a better service to customers . '' 45
H `` it 's time to become a multi-brand bank , because privately we 've been exploring how to be a better bank to serve our customers , '' the chief executive said . 40
R it would have been very cynical three years ago if we 'd said we 're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there .
H it would be ironic if we set out to be a big bank with many brands three years ago . 32
H if we aspire to become a big bank with many brands three years ago , it will be much . 38
H it would be ironic if we aspire to be a big bank with many brands three years ago . 31
R but with the work we 've been doing , focussing on the customers needs , not our own , i think you 're seeing a lot of change .
H now we focus on customer needs , and i believe that you have noticed these changes . 34
H now we focus on customer needs , and i believe you have noticed these changes . 33
H we are now focusing on customer needs and i believe you have noticed these changes . 35
R we can bring those brands back up again , so i think the time is right .
H i think we can restart these brands , and the time is right now . 14
H i think we can restart these brands , and the time is right now . 14
H i think we can restart these brands and the time is right . 14
R frankie dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at newmarket on predilection
H dali , based on his predilection for the success of new yorket 's career , won his 3,000 wins 29
H dettori made 3,000 10
H daituri with the success of predilection in the newmarket career 3,000 win 21
R dettori sprays champagne after a double at newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins
H the couple 's two victories helped him win 3 , 000 new brunswick won a career with 3,000 wins , after which he sprayed champagne 33
H two made 3,000 14
H newmarket 's two victories helped daituri get a career 3,000 victory , after which he sprayed champagne to celebrate 29
R jockey frankie dettori secured his 3,000th british winner at newmarket on friday .
H on friday , frank tibtori , the jockey , won his 3,000 victory in new york . 24
H on friday , the jockey , dettori , won his 3,000 victory in newmarket . 18
H in friday , professional jockey daituri ( frankie dettori ) made his 3rd , 000 victory in newmarket ( newmarket ) . 23
R he brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track - on predilection , trained by john gosden .
H he made a career 3 , 000 wins that night , with a preppy at the end of his career at the end of his career at the hands of john schumden , a trained trainer . 46
H he policy the horse 's hand in the hands of the practice gosden , who had won two victories on the night , and was able to achieve a career of 3,000 . 47
H he took the gollsden ( john gosden ) 's hand predilection on the road , the two victories in the evening , also to achieve a career 3,000 win . 48
R the 45-year-old italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in flat racing .
H the 45-year-old italian is the sixth professional jockey for the milestone in the field . 10
H the 45 italian is the sixth vocational jockey in the field of ground . 15
H the 45-year-old italian is the sixth professional jockey who has scored this milestone in the field of the plains . 17
R he follows sir gordon richards , doug smith , lester piggott , pat eddery and willie carson .
H the first five were : sir gordon leica , doug smith , greg smith , colin eddery and jenson . 18
H the first five were : sir gordon richards ( gordon richards ) , doug smith ( smith ) , piggott ( lester ) , wei eddery and carson ( willie ) . 24
H the first five were : gordon richard ( gordon richards ) , doug ( doug smith ) , berge ( lester piggott ) , weideley ( pat eddery ) and jason ( willie carson ) . 24
R three-time champion jockey dettori , who earlier won on ghayyar , said : `` it 's special . ''
H `` it 's special , '' said the three champion jockeys , who won the ghayyar victory earlier . 30
H `` this is very special , '' said dettori , the three champion jockey dettori win , who was the winner of ghayyar . 34
H `` this is special , '' said daituri , a three-year champion jockey who won the ghayyar earlier . 31
R i 'm very emotional because my family are here as well
H i was very excited because my family was on the spot too 14
H i 'm very excited because my family is on the spot 10
H i 'm excited because my family is on the scene . 12
R i 'm very pleased for it to have happened at newmarket because this is where i landed 30 years ago .
H i am happy with my achievements in newcastle , because i started from here 30 years ago . 26
H i was pleased with my achievements in newmarket , because i started here 30 years ago . 21
H i am pleased with what i have achieved in newmarket because i started here 30 years ago . 20
R it 's not a big meeting , it 's not a royal ascot - it 's a mundane friday night with 20,000 people .
H it 's not a big race , nor is it the royal ascot jockey club , which is just an ordinary friday night with 20,000 spectators . 25
H this is not a large jockey club or the royal jockey club ( ascot ) , a common friday night with a 20,000 audience . 32
H this is not a large-scale jockey club , nor is it the royal ascot , which is just an ordinary friday night with 20,000 spectators . 33
R i 'm relieved and very humble .
H i am grateful and humble . 6
H i am very happy and humble . 7
H i am gratified and humble . 6
R dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in predilection after victory
H after winning the victory , he led to a series of the full cheers 22
H dettori took the predilection after the victory , causing the whole crowd to be cheered 17
H daituri in the victory after the predilection , causing the audience cheers 20
R two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing - champion jockey richard johnson and retired 20-time champion sir anthony mccoy , who had more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career .
H in the field of accessibility , two jockeys achieved this feat , respectively sir richard johnson , champion jockey richard johnson and sir anthony mccoy , the now-retired 20 retired champion sir michael mccoy , who achieved more than 4,300 victories in his record-breaking career . 39
H in the area of obstacles , two jockeys have achieved this achievement , namely , champion jockey richard johnson ( richard johnson ) and sir mccoy , who is now retired , who won more than 4,300 victories in his record career . 40
H in the area of the barrier , two jockeys have made this achievement , respectively the champion jockey richard johnson ( richard johnson ) and now retired 20-term champion mccoy ( anthony mccoy ) jazz , in which sir mccoy has scored more than 4,300 victories in his record-breaking career . 40
R lester piggott , nine-time derby winner , 4,493 career wins
H cooper is the ninth german champion and won 493 games in his career 23
H piggott is , a nine champion , won a total of 4,493 victories in his career 16
H berge , a nine-year-german champion , won 4,493 victories in his career . 17
R frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him .
H dali is one of the best jockeys in the modern world , so it is not surprising that he has achieved such a landmark achievement before he has achieved this milestone , and there is not much of it . 38
H dettori is one of the best jockeys in the day , so it is not surprising that he has achieved this landmark achievement , and there are few people who have made this achievement before . 30
H daituri is one of the best jockeys in the contemporary era , so it is not surprising that he has achieved this milestone , not many people have achieved it before . 26
R he is stylish and strong , but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room .
H he 's stylish and muscular , but what really makes him stand out in the weighing room is his tactical sense . 24
H he is fashionable and strong , but it is his tactical reason for him to stand out in the weighing room . 13
H he is fashionable and robust , but what really makes him stand out in the weighing room is his tactical rationality . 23
R he is a fantastic ambassador for racing , his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years .
H he is a great equestrian ambassador , and for many years his passion and charm have attracted a lot of fans . 24
H he was a great equestrian ambassador who , for many years , attracted a lot of fans to the campaign . 25
H he is a great equestrian ambassador , and over the years his enthusiasm and charisma have attracted a lot of fans for the sport . 19
R i said to frankie a few weeks ago at epsom he 'd have ridden 6,000 winners if he was n't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
H a few weeks ago , i told stuart in epwick that if he was n't just a weekend and a jockey , he could have been able to win 6,000 games ! 36
H a few weeks ago , i told dettori that if he was not just a weekend and a jockey , he should have got 6,000 wins ! 35
H a few weeks ago , i told daituri in epsom that if he was n't just a weekend and a big-game jockey , he should have won 6,000 victories ! 32
R seriously though , frankie 's been riding winners in the uk for the best part of 30 years which is great to see .
H it 's too important for him to be sure that daly is the best equestrian winner in england in 30 years . 32
H it is important to say that dettori is the best equestrian winner in the uk in 30 years . 32
H seriously , daituri is the best equestrian winner in 30 years in britain . 25
R he 's a lively character which is good for british racing but more than that , he 's an incredible jockey .
H his lively character was a good thing for the english horse race , but besides , he was an incredible jockey . 24
H his character is good for the british horse , but in addition , he is an incredible jockey . 19
H he was lively , and that was a good thing for the british horse race , but beyond that he was an incredible jockey . 25
R frankie dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
H dali is celebrating this milestone with its iconic leap down the horse 18
H dettori celebrated the milestone with its iconic jump dismount 7
H daituri celebrates the milestone with its iconic jump-dismount 12
R from flying finishes to flying dismounts , frankie dettori has been the poster boy of british flat racing for two decades .
H over the past two decades , dali has been a typical representative of the english flat race from jumping and jumping to jumping off . 35
H from jumping to jump dismount , dettori has been a typical representative of the british field in the past two decades . 22
H for 20 years , daituri has been a typical representative of the british land race field , from jumping lines to jumping off the ground . 36
R it has been a rollercoaster ride .
H his career is like a roller coaster . 11
H his career is like a roller coaster . 11
H his career is like a roller coaster . 11
R stacks of big-race winners , including his famous 1996 'magnificent seven ' at ascot , but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban .
H he won a number of tournaments , including the famous `` seven-streak winning streak '' in 1996 at the royal acoco jockey club in 1996 , but he also suffered a crash and was banned from taking drugs . 42
H he won a series of championships , including the famous `` seven victory '' of the british royal jockey club in 1996 , but he had also suffered from a crash and a ban on drugs . 38
H he won several championships , including the famous `` seven winning streak '' in 1996 at the royal love club , but he also suffered a crash and was banned for taking the banned drugs . 39
R three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension , but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best .
H three years ago , when he returned to the field after six months of prohibition , he had a great deal of strength . struggled to get back to the game . but he showed an amazing personality advantage and finally got back to the top and gave the skeptics a good . 59
H three years ago , when he returned to the stadium after six months of fixed , he had shown an amazing personality advantage , and finally returned to the top and gave a blow to those who were skeptical . 48
H three years ago , when he returned to the game after the end of the six-month period , he struggled . but he showed an astonishing character advantage and finally returned to the top , giving blow to those who were skeptical . 45
R and he may not be done for some time - dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50 , at least .
H he might not have been able to do it for too long - he had said before that he hoped to be at least 50 years old . 38
H he may not have been able to do it for a long time - he said before he had said he wanted to compete at least by the age of 50 . 34
H he may not be able to do it for a long time-daituri has said before that he wants to be at least 50 years old . 30
R russia 's putin sacks chief of staff sergei ivanov
H russian president vladimir putin dismissed sergei ivanov 's office chief sergey ivanov 15
H russian president vladimir putin 's post of chief of staff , sergei ivanov 10
H russian president vladimir putin relieves sergei chief of staff 11
R russian president vladimir putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff sergei ivanov .
H russian president vladimir putin , russia 's president , unexpectedly lifted sergei ivanov 's office of the office of president chief of staff , sergei ivanov . 21
H russia 's president , vladimir putin , unexpectedly lifted the office of the president of the president of sergei ivanov . 20
H vladimir putin , russia 's president , unexpectedly relieved sergei ( sergei ivanov ) of the presidency of the office of the president . 27
R mr ivanov has been part of mr putin 's trusted inner circle for many years .
H for years , mr. ivanov has been a part of the core group that is deeply trusted by mr putin . 21
H for many years , mr. ivanov has been a member of the core group that mr. putin has trusted . 21
H mr ivanov has been a member of the core group that mr putin has trusted for years . 13
R the 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues .
H ivanov , 63 , has now been appointed as a special representative of environmental and traffic issues . 15
H ivanov , 63 , has now been appointed special representative for environment and transport . 14
H the 63-year-old ivanov has now been appointed special representative for the environment and transport . 8
R a statement from the kremlin said that mr putin had `` decreed to relieve ivanov of his duties as head of the russian presidential administration , '' but gave no reason .
H a statement by the kremlin said mr. putin had `` announced the dismissal of the chief of the russian president 's office of russian president ivanov , '' but gave no reason . 27
H a statement by the kremlin says mr. putin has `` announced the post of director of the russian president 's office , '' but no reason is given . 29
H a statement from the kremlin said mr. putin had `` announced the release of the office of the chief of the russian president of ivanov , '' but gave no reason . 23
R mr ivanov 's deputy since 2012 , anton vaino , has been appointed as his successor .
H anton vaino , who has been deputy mr. ivanov 's deputy in 2012 , has been appointed as his successor . 13
H anton vaino , who began in 2012 as his deputy , has been appointed as his successor . 16
H anton vaino ( anton vaino ) , who became deputy to mr. ivanov in 2012 , has been appointed as his successor . 20
R mr vaino , 44 , is a former diplomat .
H mr waio , 44 , is a former diplomat . 2
H mr. vaino , aged 44 , is a former diplomat . 2
H mr. vaino , 44 years old , is a former diplomat . 3
R born in the estonian capital tallinn in 1972 , he graduated from the prestigious moscow state institute of international relations ( mgimo ) and served in the tokyo embassy .
H he was born in tallinn , the capital of estonia , he graduated from the prestigious moscow state institute of international relations in 1972 and worked at the tokyo embassy . 19
H born in 1972 in the estonian capital , tallinn , he graduated from the famous moscow state institute of international relations ( mgimo ) and worked at the tokyo embassy . 11
H born in 1972 in tallinn , the capital of estonia , he graduated from the prestigious moscow state institute for international relations ( mgimo ) and worked at the embassy in tokyo . 19
R later he managed presidential protocol and government staff , the kremlin website says ( in russian ) .
H later , he managed the presidential draft and government staff , the kremlin 's website ( using russian ) . 9
H later , he managed the president 's draft and government employees , the kremlin website ( in russian ) . 11
H later , he managed the presidential draft and government employees , the kremlin 's website ( using russian ) said . 12
R on being appointed , he told mr putin : `` thank you for your trust . ''
H when he was appointed , he said to mr. putin , `` thank you for your trust . '' 11
H after his appointment , he said to mr. putin , `` thank you for your trust . '' 12
H after his appointment , he said to mr putin : `` thank you for your trust . '' 9
R i think the administration 's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented .
H i think the most important task of the government is to support the head of the state of the state of the state to draft law and control orders . 30
H i believe that the most important task of this government is to support the head of state in the drafting of laws and control directives . 24
H i think the most important task of the government is to support the heads of state in drafting laws and controlling directives . 23
R mr putin told a russian tv station on friday that mr ivanov had asked to leave the post , and recommended that mr vaino should replace him .
H mr. putin told russian television on friday that mr. ivanov himself asked to resign and recommended mr. valino to take over himself . 24
H mr. putin told russian television on friday that mr. ivanov himself had asked to resign and recommended mr. vaino to take over himself . 21
H mr. putin told russian television in friday that mr. ivanov himself had asked to resign and recommended mr. vaino to take over . 22
R do the smiles convince ?
H is this a convincing smile ? 9
H is this smile convincing ? 8
H is that a convincing smile ? 9
R this is a move that has mystified moscow .
H moscow was puzzled by the move . 12
H moscow is puzzled about the move . 10
H moscow was puzzled by the move . 12
R sergei ivanov has long been one of vladimir putin 's closest allies and , like him , served in the soviet security service , the kgb .
H sergei ivanov has long been one of putin 's closest aides , as did mr putin , working at the soviet security agency . 19
H for a long time , sergei ivanov has been one of putin 's closest aides , like putin , in the soviet security agency ( kgb ) . 19
H sergei has long been one of mr putin 's closest aides , working for the soviet security service ( kgb ) , as did mr putin . 22
R as chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country .
H as chief of staff , he was one of the most influential people in the country . 5
H as chef de cabinet , he was one of the most influential people in the country . 11
H as director of the office , he was one of the most influential people in the country . 10
R in a meeting with president putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request .
H on national television a meeting with president putin , both said the chief of staff was calling for his resignation . 21
H at a meeting with president putin on national television , both said that the chief of staff had asked to resign himself . 21
H at a meeting with president putin on state television , both men said the chief executive himself had asked to resign . 22
R but despite the smiles for the cameras , few here are convinced - especially now , just before parliamentary elections .
H although there was a smile in front of the camera , almost no one was convinced -- it was almost unconvincing - especially before the parliamentary elections . 32
H although there was a smile on the front of the camera , almost no one was convinced - especially at this time before the parliamentary elections . 28
H although smiling in front of the camera , few people are convinced-especially before the parliamentary elections . 18
R so is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
H so , is this the result of a in some sort of power struggle ? 11
H so , is this the result of a loss of power ? 12
H so , is this the result of a defeat in some sort of power struggle ? 12
R no-one knows yet .
H it is not yet known . 8
H it is not yet known . 8
H it is not yet known . 8
R but the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president , suddenly wanted to run russia 's environmental policy - has been met with great scepticism .
H but the official saying that a candidate who had been seen as a presidential candidate for the presidency suddenly chose to take over russia 's environmental policy - attracting many doubts . 33
H but the official argument that a candidate who had been seen as a presidential candidate suddenly chose to take charge of russia 's environmental policy - attracted a lot of doubts . 33
H but the official claim that a man who was once seen as a candidate for the presidency suddenly chose to take charge of the environmental policy of russia has aroused much scepticism . 31
R in remarks to mr putin , quoted on the kremlin website , mr ivanov said `` it 's true that in early 2012 i asked you , in a conversation , to entrust me with this very complicated post , even - you could say - troublesome post , for four years .
H on the kremlin 's web site , mr. ivanov was quoted mr. putin as saying : `` yes , in early 2012 , i asked you to give me this difficult position , even a troublesome one , for four years . '' 53
H the kremlin website quoted mr. ivanov 's dialogue with mr. putin , who said : `` yes , at the beginning of 2012 , i asked you to give me this difficult position , or even a troubled position , a four-year term . '' 67
H the kremlin website quotes mr ivanov and mr putin as saying : `` yes , at the beginning of 2012 , i asked you to give me this difficult position in a conversation , even a troublesome position , a four-year term . '' 63
R well , it turns out that i 've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months .
H `` as a result , i have been the president of the presidential office for four years and eight months . '' 23
H `` as a result , i have been the president of the office of the president for four years and eight months . '' 25
H `` as a result , i have served as director of the president 's office for 4 years and eight months . '' 29
R mr ivanov took up the post in december 2011 .
H mr. ivanov held the post in december 2011 . 4
H mr. ivanov held the position in december 2011 . 6
H mr. ivanov held the post in december 2011 . 4
R he served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister .
H prior to that , he served as deputy prime minister and minister of defence . 9
H before that , he served as deputy prime minister and minister of defence . 8
H prior to that , he served as deputy prime minister and secretary of defense . 11
R he is a member of the russian security council and a former member of the kgb state security service , like mr putin .
H he is a member of the russian security council , as well as mr. putin , is a former member of the national security agency . 19
H he is a member of the russian security council and , like mr. putin , is a former member of the national security agency . 16
H he is a member of the russian security council , as well as former members of the national security service , like mr putin . 11
R in the late 1990s , when mr putin was head of the federal security service ( fsb ) , which replaced the kgb , mr ivanov was appointed as his deputy .
H mr. ivanov was appointed as his deputy at the end of the 1990s when mr. putin became the director of the federal security agency ( fsb , formerly the national security agency ) . 40
H in the late 1990s , mr. ivanov was appointed as his deputy when mr. putin served as the director of the federal security service ( fsb , formerly the national security agency ) . 32
H mr. ivanov was appointed as his deputy in in the late 1990 of the 20th century when mr. putin served as director of the federal security service ( fsb , formerly the national security agency ) . 39
R when mr putin came to power , he named mr ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most .
H after mr. putin took office , he appointed mr. ivanov to one of the five most trusted people he trusted . 16
H after mr. putin came to power , he had designated mr. ivanov as one of his five most trusted . 13
H after mr putin came to power , he appointed mr. ivanov one of the five most trusted . 10
R it was once thought that mr ivanov might become president of russia after mr putin 's second term , as a third term for mr putin would have been unconstitutional .
H mr ivanov was once thought that mr. ivanov might to be a russian president after mr putin 's second term , as three consecutive terms were unconstitutional . 24
H it was once considered that mr. ivanov might be a russian president after mr. putin 's second term of office , since the third term was unconstitutional . 23
H it was once thought that mr ivanov might be the president of russia after mr putin 's second term , since the third term is unconstitutional . 14
R but that post was taken by another close putin ally , dmitry medvedev .
H but the position eventually belonged to another close aide to mr putin , dmitry medvedev . 14
H but the position was ultimately attributed to putin 's other close aide , dmitry medvedev . 17
H but the position is ultimately vested in mr putin 's other close aide , dmitry dmitry . 22
R mr putin became prime minister , before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later .
H mr. putin served as russian prime minister before resuming his presidency prime minister of russia after three and a half years in office . 23
H until three and a half years later , mr. putin served as prime minister of russia . 26
H mr putin served as russia 's prime minister before he was back in office after 3.5 . 30
R mystery as fish land in banff garden
H the mystery of banff 7
H mysterious fish 7
H mysterious fish discovered banff a garden 7
R a banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in banff .
H one of the residents of banff found out that fish were now in his own garden and then sent for help . 29
H a resident of banff found fish in his garden and then sent for help . 20
H a resident of banff discovered that fish had found its own garden and had subsequently sent for help . 28
R kevin bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout .
H kevin rubin thinks the 75 fish may be the sand eels made by a sea tornado . 10
H kevin bain thinks the 75 fish may be 沙鳗 by a tornado by sea . 10
H kevin bain thinks the 75 fish may be the sand eel that was blown by a tornado in the sea . 14
R mr bain , who lives about 500m from the sea , posted footage of the spectacle on periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish .
H mr. nichols , who lives about 500 metres from the sea , and he posted a video of this strange scene on perpepope , hoping someone could explain why these two inches of fish appeared . 38
H mr. bain , who lived about 500 metres from the sea , released a video of this strange scene on the periscope , hoping that someone could explain why these two inches of fish would appear . 39
H mr. bain , who lives about 500 metres from the sea , released a video of the bizarre scene on periscope , hoping someone could explain to him why these two-inch fish were present . 31
R queensferry crossing : bridge now connected to fife
H the quincy bridge is now available to fife 8
H the bridge has now reached fife 8
H the queensferry bridge is now in fife . 8
R the £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by may 2017
H the $ 13.5 billion project is scheduled to be completed by may 2017 12
H the project of 13.5 billion is scheduled to be completed by may 2017 14
H the £ 1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in may 2017 10
R engineers have joined the queensferry crossing 's north deck and viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to fife .
H engineers have linked the north bridge and viaduct of the kunses ferry bridge to the queensdorf crossing bridge , which means that the bridge has now reached fife . 29
H engineers have connected the bridge to the viaduct and the viaduct , which means that the bridge is now coming to fife . 21
H engineers have connected the north bridge of the queensferry bridge ( queensferry crossing ) to the viaduct , which means that it is now in fife . 29
R it is the first of four closures between the `` deck fans , '' which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge 's three towers .
H the `` bridge fan '' , which is located near the three bridgeheads of the bridge , is now close to completion , and the project is the first of its kind led by a bridge . 48
H the closure closure , located near the three bridgehead of each bridge , is now nearing completion , and the project is the first crossing bridge . 40
H the closure of the `` bridge deck fan '' near the three bridgehead of each bridge is nearing completion and the project is headed for a closed bridge . 36
R the bridge section from fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes .
H the bridge , which started in fife , was 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 metric tons . 13
H the bridge , which started in fife , is 600 meters long , weighing 30,000 metric tons . 17
H the bridge starting in fife is 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes . 5
R it has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables .
H it used 10,000 metric tons of steel , 20,000 metric tons of concrete and 46 lean lasso . 15
H it uses 10,000 metric tons of steel , 20,000 metric tons of concrete and 46 cables . 12
H it uses 10,000 metric tons of steel , 20,000 metric tons of concrete and 46 diagonal cables . 13
R the £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by may 2017 .
H the $ 13.5 billion project is planned to be completed by may 2017 . 12
H the project of 13.5 billion is planned to be completed in may 2017 . 16
H the £ 1.35 billion bn project is scheduled to be completed in may 2017 . 11
R economy secretary keith brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge .
H keith brown , the economy minister , visited the scene today , became one of the first people to board the bridge . 24
H the minister of economy , keith brown , visited the scene today as one of the first people to climb the bridge . 22
H keith brown , the economics minister , visited the scene today as one of the first people to board the bridge , keith brown . 26
R he said : `` this is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the queensferry crossing .
H `` this is a historic moment in the construction of the kunnsi bridge , '' he said . 16
H `` this is a historic moment in the construction of the bridge . '' 12
H `` this is a historic moment in the construction process of the queensferry bridge , '' he said . 15
R we 're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project , with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge .
H we have all witnessed engineering operations on such a grand project , which was used by more than 30,000 metric tons of concrete and steel being used in this section of the bridge alone . 32
H we all witnessed the engineering work on such an ambitious project , with more than 30,000 metric tons of concrete and steel . 30
H we have all witnessed the engineering work on such a grand project , which used more than 30,000 metric tons of concrete and steel in this section of the bridge . 30
R despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up .
H although the size and weight of the bridge are enormous , the conjunction between the viaduct and the bridge-deck requires a very to be detailed and precise operation . 27
H although the size and weight of the bridge are enormous , the completion of the bridge between the viaduct and the deck requires fine work , requiring very precise assembly . 31
H although the bridge is large in size and weight , the closure between the viaduct and the bridge requires meticulous work and very precise assembly . 30
R overall , nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place , the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in rosyth today , meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge .
H overall , nearly 79 per cent of the total bridge is now installed , and the concrete deck of the last section of the bridge deck is now in rosyth gate , meaning that all the bridges are ready . 37
H in general , nearly 79 % of the total deck is now installed , and the concrete deck of the last deck is pouring in rosyth , which means that all the decks are ready . 37
H in general , nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now installed , the last section of the bridge deck concrete bridge today in the rosyth pouring , that is , all the bridge deck is ready . 33
R michael martin , forth crossing bridge constructors project director said : `` the first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone .
H `` it 's a major milestone for the first time , regardless of the bridge project , '' said michael martin , a project director for construction projects at queensry bridge . 45
H `` no matter which bridge project , the first closure is a major milestone , '' said martin martin , a project director of the bridge construction company . 39
H queensferry bridge construction company project director michael martin said : `` no matter which bridge project , the first closure is a major milestone . '' 26
R on this fantastic project , this closure represents leading edge civil engineering .
H for the great project , the dragon exhibits a cutting-edge civil the skills of civil engineering technology . 21
H in the case of the great project , the closure shows the advanced civil engineering technology . 18
H in terms of this remarkable project , the closure shows the frontier of civil engineering technology . 16
R after installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding north tower road deck , we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or landward - side .
H to install the last section of the section is installed and connect it to the expanded north bridge road panel , it will be necessary to complete the north side or close the remaining gap on the land side . 37
H after installing the last road panel and connecting it to the expanded panel , it will be necessary to complete the remaining gap in the north or near the land side . 27
H after installing the last section of the pavement and connecting it to the enlarged north bridge pavement , the remainder of the remaining gap on either side or near the land will need to be closed . 36
R this was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards .
H the completion of the operation would require 700 millimetres to be transferred south of the northern elevated bridge . 24
H the completion of the operation would require the transfer of 700 mm south of the northern elevated . 25
H the completion of this operation requires the north elevated approach to move south 700 mm . 19
R this was a massive and , at the same time , very delicate operation .
H this is a huge operation , and also a very sophisticated operation . 16
H this is a huge operation , and is also a very sophisticated operation . 17
H it was a huge operation and a very sophisticated one . 16
R massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long , weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 % .
H because the viaduct is 222m long and weighs about 6,000 metric tons , it needs to pull out a slope of about 3 per cent slant . 27
H it says it is large , because the viaduct is 222 meters long and weighs about 6,000 metric tons , and it needs to pull a gradient of about 3 % . 24
H it is large because the viaduct is 222 metres long and weighs about 6,000 tonnes and needs to pull out a slope of about 3 % . 17
R delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way .
H it 's accurate because the engineering team needs to make sure that the deviation is very small , only a few millimetres on each side . 30
H it is accurate because the engineering team needs to ensure that the deviation is very small , with only a few millimetres on each side . 29
H it is precise because the engineering team needs to make sure that the deviations are very small , with only a few millimeters on each side . 32
R happily , it all went very well .
H thankfully , everything went well . 6
H it is gratifying that everything is going well . 11
H thankfully , everything went well . 6
R simone biles nails all-around gold in women 's gymnastics
H simon bartels won the women 's gymnastics championship 13
H simone off champion 13
H simon biles picks women gymnastics all-around champion 13
R forget the pressure .
H forget about stress . 4
H forget the pressure . 0
H forget about stress . 4
R forget the hype .
H forget about the hype . 1
H forget about the hype . 1
H forget about hype . 2
R simone biles is immune to all of it .
H simon balls was unaffected by all this . 13
H simon biles is not affected by all this . 10
H simon biles ( simone biles ) is not affected by all this . 12
R dynamic on vault .
H the vault is full of vitality . 7
H the vault was full of vitality . 7
H the vault was full of vigor . 7
R effortless on beam .
H the balance beam is more than comfortable . 8
H the upper beam of the balance beam . 8
H on the balance beam . 3
R jaw-dropping on floor .
H the exercise is amazing . 9
H the movement of free gymnastics is amazing . 12
H the floor exercises are stunning . 8
R brilliant all over .
H the overall performance was excellent . 8
H the overall performance is very good . 9
H the overall performance is excellent . 8
R and now , finally , an olympic champion .
H now , it is the olympic champion . 7
H now , finally , it became the olympic champion . 5
H now , finally , became the olympic champion . 4
R the 19-year-old american gymnast soared to the all-around title on thursday , putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the olympic spotlight .
H the 19-year-old american gymnast , who won picked up a full championship on thursday , showed her talent for gymnastics at the olympic games in the olympic games . 40
H the 19-year-old american gymnast picked up the almighty champion and showed her talent for a leading world in gymnastics at the olympic games . 37
H the 19-year-old american gymnast picked up all-around in thursday and showcased her talent for the world in gymnastics in the olympic arena . 30
R her total of 62.198 was well clear of silver medalist and `` final five '' teammate aly raisman and russian bronze medalist aliya mustafina .
H she had a total score of 62.198 with the total number of silver medallists , aly raisman , `` the ultimate five groups '' ultimate five group , aly raisman and the bronze medalist , aliya mustafina . 31
H her total score was far more than a silver medal winner , `` raisman ( aly raisman ) , raisman , and the bronze medal winner , russian mustafina , the russian players . 40
H she has a 62.198 overall score far beyond the silver medalist , the `` ultimate five '' ( final five ) player lesman ( aly raisman ) and bronze medalist mustafina ( aliya mustafina ) . 33
R united states ' simone biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women 's individual all-around final at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro , brazil , thursday .
H simon balls , from the united states , conducted a balance beam performance on thursday in the women 's all-round all-around gymnastics gymnastics women 's final finals of the 2016 summer games in rio de janeiro , brazil . 37
H simon biles , from the united states , carried out a balance beam on thursday in the art women final of the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro , brazil . 32
H simon byers , from the united states , performed the balance beam on the women 's personal all-around finals at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro , brazil , in thursday . 21
R biles became the fourth straight american woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever .
H balls helped the united states to achieve four consecutive titles at the olympic women 's gymnastics gymnastics , who won five medals at the games , further confirming that she was the generation and probably the best gymnast ever . 56
H biles helped the american team to achieve four titles on the games of the olympic women 's gymnastics . she had won five medals at the olympic games , further confirming that she was a generation , and perhaps the best gymnast ever . 54
H byers to help the united states team in the olympic games women 's gymnastics to achieve four consecutive championships , she personally in the olympic games won five medals , further confirmed that she is this generation , also may be history , the best gymnasts . 67
R she burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended .
H she could not help but shed tears when she saw her score . she finally ended the long journey . 25
H when she saw her score , biles could n't help shed tears . she finally finished the long journey . 31
H when see oneself total score of that moment , byers ca n't help shed tears . she finally ended the long journey . 34
R the achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like michael phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
H as a result , mr balls ranks among the `` decades of athletes '' like michael phelps ' `` for decades , and they have , '' they elevate their fields to new heights : 44
H as a result , biles is among the same `` decades athletes '' like michael phelps , who upgrading the sports projects in their respective fields to a new height : 40
H byers is thus among the `` athletes of the decades '' , like michael phelps , who have promoted their sport to new heights in their respective fields : 36
R biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport , winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold - with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 olympic champion mary lou retton called her `` the greatest gymnast i 've ever seen . ''
H `` it 's she has been on the best gymnast i 've ever seen for the last three years with a total of 15 medals , including 10 golds , who was the best gymnast i 've ever seen , '' said mary lou retton , a 1984 olympic champion . 74
H `` biles is the best gymnast i 've ever seen , '' said mary · , the 1984 olympic champion , mary · , `` said mary · , the 1984 olympic champion . 70
H byers has been dominating the game for the last three years , a total of 15 world championships were won , including 10 gold medals . she worked hard every day to achieve higher accuracy . `` byers is the best gymnast i 've ever seen , '' said mary lou retton , 1984 olympic champion mary lou retton . 73
R one last test awaited in brazil , a contest not so much between biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations .
H there was a final game in brazil , but the match was not so much competition from the other gymnasts as the rivalry between her own and great expectations . 36
H there is still a last game in brazil , but the game is not so much the competition between biles and other gymnastics , rather than a contest between herself and great expectations . 34
H there is still one last game in brazil , but it is not so much a contest as byers and other gymnasts , but a contest between herself and the pressure of great expectations . 31
R anything less than heading back to her family 's home in spring , texas , with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment .
H it would be a disappointment if biles did n't return to her home in springspring , texas , with a gold medal . 33
H if biles did not have a full gold medal back to her home in spring , texas , everyone would be very disappointed . 28
H if byers does not have a full gold medal back at her home in texas springs , everyone will be very disappointed . 35
R united states ' simone biles , left , and aly raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women 's individual all-around final at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro , brazil , thursday , aug .
H from the united states , simon balls ( left ) and lesman hugged each other , winning gold and silver medals in the women 's all-around gymnastics women 's all-around gymnastics women 's final of the 2016 summer games in rio de janeiro , brazil , in august ( thursday ) . 45
H simon biles ( left ) and raisman from , from the united states , embraced each other in august ( thursday ) for the women of the 2016 summer olympics , held in rio de janeiro , brazil . 49
H simon biles ( left ) and lesman , from the united states , embraced each other in august ( thursday ) at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro , brazil , for the women 's individual all-around finals with gold and silver medals respectively . 62
R biles earned the first one on tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator martha karolyi 's going away party .
H biles won the first gold medal on tuesday and gave a surprise surprise to the outgoing national coach , paolo karolyi . 30
H biles won the first gold medal on tuesday , giving a surprise gift to the outgoing national coach , karolyi karolyi . 30
H byers won the first gold medal in tuesday , giving the retiring national coach caroli ( martha karolyi ) a surprise farewell gift . 32
R while biles insisted she 's never looked ahead during her long run at the top , that 's not exactly true .
H although mr balls insists that he has no plans for the future in his perennial position as a champion , it is not the case . 42
H although biles insisted that he did not plan the future in the course of the year , it was not exactly the case . 34
H although bairstine says he has no plans for the future in the course of the perennial title , it is not entirely true . 38
R a portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the rio olympic arena .
H a section of the balls free exercise - including her signature plausibility - is latin music , which , and this music is what she listened to in the house just street away from the rio olympic venue . 43
H a section of freedom 's free gymnastics , including her landmark 翻腾 , was accompanied by latin music , which was often heard in her home with the rio olympics . 52
H the part of byers 's floor exercise -- including her iconic , rolling series , was accompanied by latin music , which she heard in the middle of a street from the rio olympic stadium . 48
R it 's not a coincidence .
H this is no coincidence . 8
H that is no coincidence . 8
H this is no coincidence . 8
R the girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach aimee boorman 's mother during a field trip to the gym where boorman was coaching has become a force .
H the girl who was adopted by her grandparents during a period of time visit to the gym and whose mother , aimee boorman , was found by the mother of the to have grown up , had grown into a backbone . 46
H the girl , who was adopted by a grandparent during the baby , and was found by the mother of the coach , amy boorman , in a field visit to the stadium . 40
H the girl who was adopted by his grandparents during his infancy and was found by the mother of coach amy boerman ( aimee boorman ) during a field trip to the stadium has now grown into a backbone . 35
R she has n't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013 , a winning streak that should go for as long as biles wants it to .
H since the summer of 2013 , balls has not lost his hand in the all-round race , but if you want to win , she will win as long as she wants to win . 45
H since the summer of 2013 , biles has failed in the almighty game , and she will win as long as she wants to win . 34
H since the summer of 2013 , byers has not lost in the all-around game , if want to win , she will definitely win . 43
R though mustafina took a small lead through two rotations , it was a mirage .
H a slight lead in the rotation of musafina was an illusion . 19
H it is just an illusion that the mustafina is a little ahead of the rotation . 25
H mustafina a slight lead after two rotations is just an illusion . 15
R balance beam and floor exercise - where biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait .
H the balance beam and the two sports gymnastics two projects , of the free gymnastics project defending world champion balls lay in ambush . 22
H the balance beam and the free gymnastics two projects of the defending world champion biles 埋伏以待 . 19
H the balance beam and floor exercise two-item defending world champion byers ambush to wait . 13
R she went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor .
H her balance beam scored 15.433 , and the free gymnastics score was 15.933 . 26
H her balance beam scored 15.433 , and the free gymnastics score was 15.933 . 26
H her balance beam scored 15.433 and the floor was 15.933 . 23
R raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score - a mere formality - and tears appeared around biles ' glittery red , white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality .
H while he waited for the final score to come out , les gave balls a slight hug . when balls learned that he had made his dream , he left tears . 61
H when he was waiting for the final score , raisman gave a gentle hug . when biles learned that he had achieved the desired results , he left tears . 57
H while waiting for the final score to come out , lesman gently hugged byers . when byers learned that he had achieved his dream , he immediately left tears . 59
R raisman 's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago , when she tied for third but lost the bronze to mustafina on a tiebreaker .
H lesman 's performance was a bit like revenge for four years ago , when she was tied third , but lost to mustagina in the final . 19
H raisman 's performance was a bit like revenge for four years ago , when she was third , but lost to mustafina in the final . 16
H lesman 's performance was a bit like revenge for four years ago , when she tied third , but lost to mustafina in the run-off . 18
R this time , the 22-year-old team captain the americans call `` grandma '' was well ahead .
H but this time this time , the american nickname `` granny '' is a far ahead of the 22-year-old was named . 29
H but this time , the 22-year-old leader of the american play , known as `` grandma , '' was far ahead . 15
H but this time , the 22-year-old captain , nicknamed `` granny '' by the americans , is far ahead . 17
R she blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise , overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt .
H she kisses the crowds after the end of the free exercise , but the return of such a return sometimes seems to be questionable . 31
H she blew kisses to the crowd after the free gymnastics , declaring a return , but such a return sometimes seemed to be in doubt . 22
H she blew kisses at the end of the floor and declared her return , but the return sometimes seemed questionable . 27
R as for biles , the 19-year-old 's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
H balls was 19 years old . from earlier this week , the news has spread like a virus on twitter , and was a . 36
H biles was 19 years old . from earlier this week , the news was spread on twitter , and his life had been given a new meaning . 33
H byers is only 19 years old . from earlier this week , the news spread viral on twitter . in the case of bayer , his life has been given a new meaning . 41
R mahaj brown , 6 , `` riddled with bullets , '' survives philadelphia shooting
H six years old , sixj brown , 36 , survived the shooting in the philadelphia shootings 24
H brown brown , 6 years old , was spared from the shooting in philadelphia 20
H 6-year-old mahaj brown was spared in the philadelphia shootings . 24
R police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in philadelphia , marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week .
H police said a six-year-old boy was shot in philadelphia , the second six-year-old child in the city this week . 14
H police say a six-year-old boy was shot in philadelphia , a second shot in the city 's second shot in the city . 24
H police say a six-year-old boy was shot in philadelphia , a six-year-old child in the city 's second shot this week . 17
R the child 's grandparents identified him to cbs philadelphia as mahaj brown .
H the child 's grandparents confirmed to cbs cbs that the children shot were zabj brown . 13
H the child 's grandparents confirmed to cbs philadelphia that the children who were shot were brown brown . 13
H the child 's grandparents confirmed to cbs philadelphia that the child being shot was mahaj brown . 10
R the grandparents say brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds , including in his groin , leg , arm and abdomen , but was awake when he was transported to the hospital .
H they said there were multiple gunshot wounds to brown 's groin , leg , arm and abdomen , but that the child was awake on the way to the hospital . 27
H they say brown 's groin , legs , arms , and abdomen have a number of gunshot wounds , but the child is awake on the way to hospital . 36
H brown 's groin , legs , arms and abdomen have multiple gunshot wounds , they say , but the child is awake on the way to the hospital . 35
R `` he just took a lot , his little body was riddled with bullets , '' his grandmother delores melendez tells the station .
H `` he suffered a lot of crime , and his little body was riddled with bullets , '' his grandmother , deliris melzenz told the television station . 14
H `` he was guilty of a lot of guilt , and the little body was hit by bullets , '' his grandmother , delores melendez , told the tv station . 19
H `` he 's had a lot of sins and his little body was riddled with bullets , '' his grandmother delores melendez told the television . 13
R i just ca n't believe it .
H i ca n't believe it . 1
H i ca n't believe it . 1
H i ca n't believe it . 1
R the boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries .
H the boy was in a critical condition at the hospital and had undergone several operations . 10
H the boy was in a critical condition in the hospital and had undergone a number of surgeries . 14
H the boy was in a critical condition at the hospital and had been undergoing several surgeries . 11
R family tells the station he is expected to recover .
H his family told the television station that the child was expected to recover . 10
H his family told the television station that the child was expected to recover . 10
H his family told the tv station that children are expected to recover . 9
R he was set to start first grade at a local elementary school .
H he was going to start his freshman year at a local elementary school . 7
H he would have begun to read the first grade in a local primary school . 12
H he was supposed to start his first grade in a local primary school . 7
R brown was among four people shot in the germantown section .
H brown is one of four people who have been shot in the town of sderot . 13
H brown is one of the four men who were shot in the germantown area . 12
H brown is one of four people who were shot in the germantown area . 9
R also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old .
H two of the three others who were shot , two were 29 years old and one was 32 years old . 24
H of the three others who had been shot , two were 29 years old and one was 32 years old . 24
H of the other three people who were shot , two were 29 years old and one 32 years old . 23
R one of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition , according to cbs philadelphia .
H according to cbs , one of the 29 year-old victims was in critical condition ; the other two victims were in stable condition . 14
H according to cbs philadelphia , one of the victims of the age of 29 is critical ; the other two victims are stable . 30
H according to cbs philadelphia , one of the 29-year-old victims was in critical condition and two other victims were in stable condition . 19
R the child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition , the station reports .
H television said the child was found in the front seat of the car with the 29-year-old victim . 14
H according to the television station , the child was found in the front seat of the car with the 29 victim . 22
H television said the child and the 29-year-old victim was found in the front seat of the car . 28
R the other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter .
H the other two victims were not in the vehicle , and the police were investigating the gunman in the investigation . 19
H two other victims were not in the vehicle , and the police were investigating whether there were gunmen in the injured . 22
H the other two were not in the car and the police were investigating whether the gunman was among the injured . 17
R investigators tells cbs philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen .
H the investigators told cbs monitor that it looked like a number of gunmen . 17
H the investigators told cbs philadelphia that it looked like a number of gunmen exchanged fire . 17
H investigators told cbs philadelphia that it looked like multiple gunmen had exchanged fire . 13
R assault weapon-style shell casings , traced to different assault style weapons , littered the scene .
H a number of offensive weapons were found at the site , which could be inferred that they were using different offensive weapons . 33
H many offensive weapons were found in the scene , which could be inferred that they were using different offensive weapons . 31
H many of the shells of offensive weapons were found at the scene , which could be inferred that they were using different offensive weapons . 35
R it appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle .
H this is no doubt a continuing battle . 12
H as a result , this is no doubt a 持续战 . 17
H judging from this , this is undoubtedly a continuous war . 17
R there were casings in the street , on both sides of the sidewalk .
H there were shells on both sidewalks on both sides of the street . 11
H there are shells on the sidewalk on both sides of the street . 11
H there are shells on the sidewalks on both sides of the street . 11
R so it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged , '' philadelphia police captain anthony ginaldi told the station .
H `` so there were a number of armed men at the scene , '' said the philadelphia chief of police anthony kent , speaking to the television station . 34
H `` so , there were many armed men in the scene at the time , '' said the police director of philadelphia , anthony ginaldi , to the television station . 36
H `` therefore , it can be seen that at that time there were many armed men in a state of fierce fighting , '' philadelphia police commissioner anthony ginaldi told television . 35
R multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck .
H there are many houses and vehicles were damaged in the area . 9
H many houses and vehicles have been damaged in the region . 10
H a number of buildings and vehicles have been damaged in the area . 12
R no arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video .
H arrests have not yet been carried out , and the police are said to be watching surveillance videos . 16
H arrests have not yet been carried out , and the police are said to be monitoring video footage in 调看 . 18
H no arrests have been made , and police are said to be watching surveillance footage . 9
R another 6-year-old , a girl , was hit in her arm by a stray bullet tuesday while playing in front of her home in the west oak lane neighborhood .
H on tuesday , a six-year-old child , a girl , was ejected from her shot in the arm while playing at the front of the west end community . 31
H on tuesday , a six-year-old child ( girl ) was shot by a stray bullet while playing at the door of the lane community in west , west . 35
H in tuesday , a six-year-old child ( girl ) was shot in the arm by a stray bullet while playing at the doorstep of the west oak lane community . 28
R she is recovering , and police are still searching for a suspect .
H she is recovering and the police are still pursuing the suspect . 7
H she is now recovering and the police are still pursuing the suspects . 10
H she is recovering and the police are still chasing suspects . 8
R why we need simone , gabby and laurie
H why we need simon , gabrielle and laurie 4
H why we need simon , gabby and laurie 2
H why do we need simon , gabrielle and laurie ? 6
R that 's what i call this year 's women 's olympic gymnastics team and for more reasons than one .
H this is how i judged the women 's olympic gymnastics team this year more than one . 19
H that 's what i think of this year 's women 's olympic gymnastics team for more than one reason . 6
H that 's why i 'm judging this year 's women 's olympic gymnastics team for more than one reason . 9
R first , i have been to every summer olympics since 1984 and the usa has never been so dominant .
H first of all , since 1984 , i have been to every summer olympics , but the united states has never been so dominant . 13
H first , since 1984 , i went to every summer olympics , but the united states has never been a dominant position . 17
H first of all , since 1984 , i have been to every summer olympics , but the united states has never been such a dominant position . 17
R and second : this team features three gymnasts , simone biles , gabby douglas and lauren `` laurie '' hernandez , who have been inspiring so many young girls of color .
H secondly , the gymnastics team has three excellent gymnasts - simon balls , gabby douglas and laurie hernandez , who have always inspired many of the coloured girls . 33
H second , the gymnastics team has three excellent gymnastics , simon biles , gabby douglas ( douglas gabby ) and laurie hernández , who have been inspiring many coloured girls . 29
H second , the gymnastics team has three excellent gymnasts-simon biles ( simone biles ) , gabriel douglas ( gabby douglas ) and lauri hernandez ( lauren laurie hernandez ) , who have been inspiring many colored girls . 32
R the make-up of this team , rounded out by aly raisman , who is jewish , and madison kocian , who is catholic , is making everyone proud .
H the composition of the team was a source of pride for all is a source of pride for all of everyone feel proud because it contains the jewish ali raisman and the catholic church of madison kocian . 51
H the composition of the team is very proud of all , because it contains judaism ali raisman ( aly raisman ) and the catholic 的 kocian ( catholic ) . 41
H the composition of this team has made everyone proud , as it contains the jewish ali lesman ( aly raisman ) and the catholic madison chian ( madison kocian ) . 40
R this team looks , finally , like america .
H the team finally looks like the united states . 10
H the team finally looked like the united states team . 11
H the team finally looks like the american team . 10
R it also has solidified the black and latina female presence at the top of this sport .
H it also cemented the pinnacle of black and latino women in the campaign . 17
H it also consolidates the peak of black and latino women in the campaign . 17
H it also cemented the pinnacle of black and hispanic women in the sport . 15
R for the past four years , the number one female gymnast has been african-american .
H in the past four years , the leading female gymnast has been an african-american . 6
H in the past four years , the leading female gymnast has been african . 7
H the leading female gymnasts have been african-american for the past four years . 18
R last year , simone and gabby were # 1 and # 2 .
H last year , simon and gabrielle were second and second . 10
H last year , simon and gabby were ranked first and second . 9
H last year , simon and gabrielle the first and second place . 13
R this is powerful .
H it 's so bad . 8
H it 's too bad . 8
H that 's too bad . 8
R last olympics , gabby douglas was a surprise olympic champion , and america cheered .
H in the last olympic games , gabrielle douglas `` unexpectedly '' became an olympic champion , cheering the united states . 24
H in the last olympic games , gaby douglas , `` unexpectedly , '' became the olympic champion , and the united states was cheered . 24
H the last olympic games , gabriel douglas `` unexpectedly '' to become the olympic champion , which makes the united states cheer . 26
R now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time world champion simone biles , douglas and laurie hernandez delivering the unexpected , yet masterful gymnastics routines .
H now , the world is able to witness three world champion simon balls , douglas and laurie hernández , who perform the routine gymnastics skills . 27
H today , the world is able to witness the brilliant performance of the three world champions simon biles , douglas and laurie hernández . 27
H today , the world can witness three world champion simon biles , douglas and lauri hernandez fantastic performance . they performed the usual gymnastics skills . 31
R on thursday , simone became the fourth straight american to win gold in the women 's individual all-around event .
H on thursday , simon helped the american team achieve four consecutive titles on women 's all-around sports . 20
H on thursday , simon helped the american team to achieve fourth on the women 's individual almighty project . 19
H in thursday , simon helped the united states to achieve four consecutive championships in women 's individual all-around projects . 20
R and teammate aly raisman earned silver .
H her teammate , ali lesman won the silver medal . 11
H her teammate ali raisman made the silver medal . 8
H her teammate ali lesman the silver medal . 9
R we are witnessing the top of the sport , but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country .
H we have climbed to the top of the game , but it was not the case in the classroom teaching classroom of gymnastics . 25
H we have reached the top of the campaign , but this is not the case in the system-wide teaching classroom . 26
H we climbed to the top of the sport , but not in the american gymnastics class . 18
R simone , gabby and laurie all took the same path as aly and madison to make the olympic team .
H simon , gabrielle and lorry went into the olympic team like ali and madison way to the olympic team like ali and madison . 24
H simon , gabby and laurie entered the olympic team in the same way as ali and madison . 18
H the way simon , gabrielle and laurie entered the olympic team was the same as ali and madison . 21
R they are the `` final five '' because the next olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team , and this is marta karolyi 's last year coaching .
H they are `` the ultimate five groups '' because ultimate five `` , as the next olympic gymnastics team will be composed of four gymnasts , which is the last year of the year . 31
H they are the ultimate five group , because the next olympic gymnastics team will be composed of four gymnastics , which is the last year of pre-service . 31
H they are the `` ultimate five '' ( final five ) , because the next olympic gymnastics team will be composed of four gymnasts , this is marta karolyi last one years of coaching . 22
R but the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport , and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training , facility , travel , uniforms , competition fees , hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on .
H but the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport , and gymnasts are trained mainly in private gymnastics clubs , where their parents are required to pay for training , facilities , travel , clothing , competition and hotel costs ( including the costs associated with coaches and gymnasts and family members ) , and the list of costs is growing . 47
H but the reality is that gymnastics is a costly exercise . gymnastics are mainly trained in private gymnastics clubs , whose parents need to pay for training , facilities , travel , clothing , competition and hotel costs ( including related costs for coaches and gymnastics and family members ) , and the cost list is increasing . 56
H but the reality is , gymnastics is an expensive sport in which gymnasts are trained mainly in private gymnastics clubs , and their parents need to pay for training , facilities , travel , clothing , competitions and hotel fees ( including the costs of coaches and gymnasts and their families ) , and the list of costs is increasing . 49
R most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business .
H most of the gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburbs that provide support for the industry . 10
H most of the gymnastics clubs are located in the rich suburbs that can support the industry . 10
H most of the gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburbs that can support the industry . 7
R these clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training , and it 's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts ' families .
H all the training of the gymnasts is completed in these clubs and is a long-term expensive expense for the families of the gymnasts . 33
H all the training of the gymnast is done at these clubs and is a long and expensive expense for the gymnastics family . 36
H all of the gymnasts ' training is done at these clubs and is a long and expensive expense for gymnasts ' families . 30
R aimee boorman , coach of simone biles , and maggie haney , coach of laurie hernandez , have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics .
H aimee boorman , a coach of aimee boorman and elsa haney , coach of aimee boorman and elsa haney , hernandez have been coached by the gymnasts since they started gymnastics . 24
H biles 's coach , amy boorman , and hernandez 's coach , maggie haney , have been teaching them since the two gymnastics began to teach them . 36
H byers 's coach amy boerman ( aimee boorman ) and hernandez 's coach maggie haney have been coaching them since the two gymnasts began practicing gymnastics . 39
R we must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by simone , gabby and laurie .
H we have to bring more affordable , more accessible gymnastics to the young girls affected by simon , gabrielle and lorry . 20
H we must bring more affordable and more accessible gymnastics to countless young girls who have been affected by simon , gabby and laurie . 12
H we must bring more affordable , more accessible gymnastics training to countless young girls who are affected by simon , gabrielle and lloyd . 14
R i founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago .
H twenty years ago , i founded my own gymnastics foundation . 8
H twenty years ago , i set up my own gymnastics foundation . 11
H 20 years ago , i set up my own gymnastics foundation . 11
R at my organizations , we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics , based in harlem , for over 15,000 urban youth ( primarily black and hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions .
H in my organization , we offer free , low-cost gymnastics to more than 15,000 young people ( mainly black and hispanic americans ) in the black residential area , and have developed national and even world champions . 37
H in my organization , we offered free and cheap gymnastics to more than 15,000 urban youth , mainly black and hispanic , in the black residential area , and developed national and even world champions . 39
H in my organization , we offer free , inexpensive gymnastics to more than 15,000 urban youths ( mostly black and hispanic americans ) in black neighborhoods , and to develop national and even world champions . 39
R in september , we will be expanding to detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great olympic sport .
H in september , we will expand to detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high-quality gymnastics to those young people who deserve this opportunity and will benefit from the great olympic sports . 20
H in september , we will expand to detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve this learning opportunity and will benefit from this great olympic campaign . 18
H in september , we will expand to detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high-quality gymnastics to those who deserve this learning opportunity and who will benefit from this remarkable olympic campaign . 20
R gymnastics develops strength , flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work , discipline and determination for the mind .
H gymnastics helps to cultivate the strength , flexibility and coordination of the body , and also helps nurture the spirit of hard work , self-reliance and determination . 21
H gymnastics helps to build the strength , flexibility and coordination of the body , and helps to build hard spirit , self-discipline and determination . 18
H gymnastics can help to cultivate the strength , flexibility and coordination of the body , but also help to cultivate hard-working spirit , self-discipline and determination . 24
R this combination provides life-long benefits for good health , success in school and work .
H these can bring lifelong benefits for a person 's health , academic and work success . 20
H these can provide lifelong benefits for a person 's health , education and success . 21
H these can provide lifelong benefits for the health , academic and work success of a of people . 21
R it is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great .
H inspired by this team , thousands of young girls will study gymnastics , which is really great . 20
H inspired by the team , thousands of young girls will study gymnastics , which is really great . 20
H inspired by this team , thousands of young girls will learn gymnastics , which is really great . 20
R to participate in sport is so important , especially for girls .
H participation is significant , especially for girls . 8
H participation in the campaign is significant , especially for girls . 9
H participation in sports is significant , especially for girls . 8
R this is such an exciting time .
H this is an exciting moment . 3
H this is an exciting moment . 3
H it was an exciting moment . 7
R thank you simone , aly , laurie , gabby and madison for that serious showcase of `` girl power '' in winning the olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy , strong and successful young women .
H thanks to simon , ali , lorry , gabrielle and madison for the `` girl power '' in winning the olympic gold medal in the olympic group , it also thanked them for inspiring so many young girls with diverse backgrounds to open up to health , strength and success . 49
H thanks to simon , ali , laurie , gabby and madison for the wonderful `` girl power '' in winning a gold medal in the olympic games , and for encouraging so many young girls of different backgrounds to open the way to health , strength and success . 41
H thanks to simon , ali , laurie , gabrielle and madison for the `` girl power '' that has been shown in winning the olympic team gold medals , and for inspiring young girls with so many backgrounds to open the path to health , greatness and success . 43
R junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting jeremy hunt 's proposal
H after the rejection of jeremy hunt 's proposal , the primary doctor plans to launch a further strike 21
H after dismissing jeremy hunt 's proposal , the junior doctor plans to launch a further strike 19
H after dismissing the jeremy proposal , the junior doctors plan to initiate a further strike 21
R ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with british medical association officials , but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it .
H the ministers initially hoped to end the change by accepting a revised contract from the british medical association ( bma ) officials , but 58 per cent of the 37,000 primary doctors involved were opposed to the vote opposed the contract . 39
H the ministers initially hoped to end the change dispute by accepting a modified contract by the british medical association officials , but 58 % of the 37,000 junior doctors who voted against the contract were opposed to the contract . 35
H the ministers initially wanted to end the change-induced dispute by accepting a revised contract from the british medical association ( bma ) officials , but 58 % of the 37,000 junior doctors who voted were against the contract . 38
R in july , mr hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the nhs was in `` no man 's land '' and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients .
H in july , mr. hunter revealed plans to impose a contract , saying the nhs is currently in the `` vacuum zone '' and that a slight delay would hurt employees ' and patients ' interests . 31
H in july , mr. hunt revealed plans to enforce the contract , saying that the british national medical service ( nhs ) is currently in a `` vacuum zone , '' with a slight delay that undermines the interests of employees and patients . 40
H in july , mr. hunter revealed plans to enforce the contract , saying that the nhs is currently in a `` vacuum zone '' and that a slight delay would hurt the interests of employees and patients . 32
R the first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract , which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours .
H the new contract first referred to the modification of all night and weekend work practices of the junior doctors to improve the care of the irregular working hours . 32
H the new contract first referred to the revision of the night and weekend working practices of primary doctors in order to improve the care of irregular working hours . 30
H the new contract first mentions changes in the working practices of primary doctors overnight and weekend to improve the care of irregular working hours . 28
R dr ellen mccourt , the bma 's junior doctors '' committee chair , said in a statement last night : `` junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract , particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis , and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly . ''
H last night , dr. ellen mcqueen , chairman of bma 's primary committee , said in a statement : `` junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract , especially if they are concerned that it will exacerbate the current labour crisis and do not treat all doctors fairly . '' 34
H last night , dr. ellen mccourt , chairman of the bma primary committee , said in a statement : `` primary doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract , especially fear that it will exacerbate the current labor crisis and do not treat all doctors fairly . '' 32
H last night , dr. ellen mccourt , chairman of the bma junior physician committee , said in a statement : `` junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract , in particular that it will exacerbate the current labour crisis and do not treat all doctors fairly . '' 29
R with just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract , progress needs to be made and time is running out .
H it is only eight weeks before the first doctors sign a new contract , and we need to make progress and time is running out . 22
H there is only eight weeks left for the first doctors to sign a new contract , and we need to make progress . 31
H it 's only eight weeks before the first doctor signs the new contract and we need to make progress . 29
R efforts by the bma to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and , at times , deafening silence from the government .
H bma tries to resolve disputes through negotiations , but people are reluctant to participate and sometimes governments respond with silence . 34
H bma tried to settle the dispute through negotiations , but everyone was reluctant to participate , and sometimes the government was silent . 32
H bma tried to resolve the dispute through negotiations , but everyone was unwilling to participate , and sometimes the government responded with silence . 31
R this is despite a promise from jeremy hunt just last month that his door is always open .
H still , last month we got the promise of jeremy hunt , who said his door was always open . 22
H nevertheless , last month we received the promise of jeremy hunt , who said his door was always open . 22
H still , just last month we got a jeremy commitment , saying that his door was open . 20
R `` jeremy hunt needs to act now , lift the imposition and address junior doctors '' concerns .
H `` jeremy hunt now needs to take action to eliminate enforcement and to address the concerns of the junior doctors . '' 20
H `` jeremy hunt now needs to take action to cancel enforcement and address the concerns of primary doctors . '' 20
H `` jeremy now needs to take action to eliminate enforcement and address the concerns of junior doctors . '' 19
R if he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action .
H if he did not , the primary doctor made it clear that they were ready to take further labour action . 18
H if he did not , the primary doctor made it clear that they were ready to take further labour action . 18
H if he does not , the junior doctors make it clear that they are ready to take further labor action . 10
R the last strike at the end of april saw the postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line .
H the last strike , which took place at the end of april , leading to nearly 13,000 regular surgeries and 100,000 appointments , as nurses and consultants were screened for doctors in the post . 27
H the last strike took place at the end of april , leading to an extension of nearly 13,000 routine and 100,000 cases , as nurses and consultations were covered by a doctor in the picket . 28
H the last strike , which occurred at the end of april , resulted in nearly 13,000 routine surgeries and 100,000 appointment delays , as nurses and consultants covered the picket line for doctors . 28
R ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with british medical association officials .
H the ministers initially hoped to end the change by accepting a revised contract with bma . 18
H the ministers initially hoped to end the disputes dispute by accepting the bma contract . 19
H the ministers initially hoped to end the dispute caused by the change by accepting bma 's revised contract . 22
R the bma wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract .
H bma hopes to fight for better weekend wages for the 54,000 junior doctors involved in the contract . 15
H bma wants to get a better weekend wage for the 54,000 junior doctors involved in the contract . 13
H bma hopes to secure better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors involved in the contract . 12
R daniel mortimer , chief executive of nhs employers , called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes .
H daniel mormons , chief executive of nhs advisers , called on junior doctors to stop any more strikes . 10
H daniel mortimer , chief executive of the nhs , called on the primary doctor to stop any further strikes . 13
H daniel mortimer , chief executive of nhs employers , called on junior doctors to stop any further strikes . 6
R mr mortimer said : `` industrial action achieves little or nothing , but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry , distress and disruption for patients , carers and their families . ''
H `` labour action has little to do with it , but it has put pressure on the teams and services that have already poured into , leading to worries , worries and confusion among patients , caregivers and their families , '' he said . 46
H `` there is little labour action , but on the contrary , putting pressure on the ranks and services that have already been devoted to the fear , anxiety and confusion of patients , caregivers and their families , '' mr. mortimer said . 50
H mr mortimer said : `` the effect of the labour action is minimal , but it will put pressure on the teams and services already devoted to them , causing concern , worry and confusion among patients , nursing staff and their families . '' 38
R over the last two months we have been talking with the junior doctors committee and have , along with the department of health and others , responded positively to their concerns regarding the guardian role and whistleblowing .
H over the past two months , we have continued negotiate with the council of primary physicians and with the ministry of health and other departments to respond actively to actively responding to their concerns about the role of guardians and whistle-blowing . 40
H over the past two months , we have continued to negotiate with the committee of primary doctors and , together with the ministry of health and other departments , have responded positively to their concerns about the role of guardians and reporting . 29
H over the past two months , we have been negotiating with the junior doctors ' committee , and have been actively responding to their concerns about the role of guardians and the disclosure of their complaints with the ministry of health and other departments . 41
R employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics - such as deployment , flexibility in training , additional training for those returning from career breaks , costs of training , mutual recognition of syllabus , study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers , health education england and the department of health were about honouring the agreements reached with the bma in november , february and may .
H employers want to continue to actively explore other important topics - such as deployment , training flexibility , other training , training costs and the gender wage gap in the course of a career , which are important for an agreement between the employer , the health education organisation of england and the gender wage differences in november , february and may . 78
H employers wish to continue to actively explore other important topics , such as deployment , flexibility in training , other training for those who have been heavy after career breaks , training costs , common understanding of curriculum outlines , refresher leave and gender pay differences in the medical field , which show the importance of employers , the england health education organization ( england ) and the ministry of health in november , february and may . 71
H employers want to continue to actively explore other important topics-such as deployment , flexibility in training , and other training for those who have been back in their careers , the cost of training , the common understanding of the syllabus , the gender wage differentials in further studies and the medical field , illustrate the importance that employers , the english health education organization ( health education england ) and the ministry of health attach to the agreements reached with bma in november , february and may . 78
R the £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
H two pounds a day can reduce the risk of heart attack 15
H two pounds a day can reduce the threat of heart attack 15
H 2 pounds of drugs a day can reduce the risk of heart attack . 16
R thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug , after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer .
H officials have suggested promoting a $ 2 daily drug to more patients and extending the duration of the medication , after which thousands of heart patients will benefit from the drug . 46
H officials suggested that a drug of 2 pounds a day be extended to more patients and to prolong the medication , and thousands of patients with heart disease would benefit from the drug . 48
H officials suggest that a drug of 2 pounds a day be extended to more patients and to take longer , and thousands of heart patients will benefit from the drug . 43
R anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease .
H anti-clotting drugs can reduce the risk of heart disease in patients with heart disease . 14
H 抗 medicine can reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence in patients with heart disease . 19
H anticoagulant drug ticagrelor ( ticagrelor ) can reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence in patients with heart disease . 19
R the drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack , reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack .
H the drug , which lasts 12 months after a heart attack , reduces the risk of a stroke or heart attack . 11
H the use of this drug for 12 months after a heart attack can reduce the risk of a stroke or a heart attack . 13
H the drug , which lasts for 12 months after a heart attack , can reduce the risk of another stroke or heart attack . 13
R nhs watchdog nice has advised that it should be given to people for four years , to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
H the national institutes of health and clinical excellence ( nice ) , which oversees the nhs , advise patients to continue taking four years to further reduce the risk of heart vascular disease . 37
H the national health and clinical optimization institute ( national ) of the uk national health service ( nhs ) recommended that patients continue to take medication for four years in order to further reduce the risk of heart vascular disease . 40
H the national institute of health and clinical optimization ( nice ) , a regulator of the nhs , advises patients to continue taking four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease . 35
R but now nhs watchdog nice has advised that it should be given to people for four years , to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
H but now nice , the nhs regulator , recommends continuing the drug for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease . 23
H but now , nhs , the nhs regulator , recommends that patients continue to take medication for four years in order to further reduce the risk of heart vascular disease . 28
H but now , the nhs regulator , nice , recommends that patients continue to take four years of medication to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease . 23
R some 140,000 people have a heart attack in england every year , and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke .
H in england , some 140,000 people suffer from heart disease each year , and a quarter of them continue to suffer from heart attacks or stroke . 26
H in england , about 140,000 people suffer from heart disease every year , and a quarter of them will continue to suffer from a heart attack or a stroke . 25
H in england , about 140,000 people suffer from heart disease each year , and one-fourth continue to suffer from heart attacks or strokes . 35
R heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque .
H heart attacks and strokes are caused by fatty substances deposited in the arteries of the arteries forming plaque formation . 20
H heart attacks and strokes are caused by the formation of plaque in the artery deposition of fatty substances . 17
H heart attacks and strokes are caused by the accumulation of fatty matter in the arterial wall . 15
R if the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot , blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack .
H if the plaque breaks down , it can cause blood clots , which can impede blood flow to the heart , causing a heart attack . 12
H if the plaque breaks out , it leads to thrombosis , which prevents blood flow into the heart , causing a heart attack . 18
H if the plaque is broken , it can lead to thrombosis , which in turn hinders blood flow to the heart , leading to heart attack . 23
R and if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain , causing a stroke .
H if the blood clot moves , it moves into the bloodstream , hindering blood flow into the blood flow to the brain , causing a stroke . 19
H if the thrombosis moves , it will enter the bloodstream , hinder blood flow into the brain , causing a stroke . 20
H if the thrombus moves , it enters the bloodstream , hindering blood flow to the brain and causing a stroke . 19
R people who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another .
H a person who has experienced a heart attack has a higher risk of heart attack . 18
H patients who have experienced a heart attack have a higher risk of a heart attack . 16
H patients who have experienced a heart attack have a higher risk of heart attack . 15
R ticagrelor , which is made by uk firm astrazeneca and sold under the trade name brilique , reduces this risk by making clots less likely .
H astrazeneca , a british company , and it was manufactured by astrazeneca , a british firm , which sells its commodities names to reduce the risk of disease by reducing blood clots . 43
H 替 is manufactured by british astrazeneca , a british company , for sale in brilique ( brilique ) , which can reduce the risk of morbidity by reducing the formation of thrombosis . 43
H ticagrelor is made by the british company astrazeneca ( astrazeneca ) , which is marketed in the name of linda ( brilique ) , which reduces the risk of developing the disease by reducing thrombosis . 36
R the draft nice guidance , published today , recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months , followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years .
H the nice guidelines , released today , suggest that patients take up to 90 months of aqugray for a 12-month period and take 60 mg and two aspirin a day for the next three years . 39
H the draft nice guidance issued today recommends that patients take 90 mg of fluticasone for 12 months , and take 60 mg of ticagrelor and two aspirin per day for three years . 28
H the nice draft guidelines , released today , recommend that patients take the ticagrelor for 12 months , taking 60mg ticagrelor and two aspirin a day for three years . 27
R professor carole longson , director at the nice health technology evaluation centre , said : `` despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments , as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences . ''
H `` despite effective secondary prevention treatments , as many as a quarter of those who have suffered patients with heart attacks have a history of relapse or stroke again , often with serious consequences , '' said carole longson , director of the center for health technology assessment assessment . 58
H `` in spite of effective secondary prevention , as many as a quarter of those who have a heart disease can again or stroke again , often with serious consequences , '' said professor carole longson , director of the nice health technology assessment centre . 56
H professor carole longson , director of the nice health technology assessment center , said : `` despite effective two-level preventive treatment , as many as one-fourth patients who have had a history of heart attack relapse or stroke , often with serious consequences . '' 39
R fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person 's quality of life .
H fear of a relapse can have a great negative effect on the life of a person 's life . 11
H the fear of recurrence has a great negative impact on the quality of life of a person . 15
H fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of a of people . 10
R the evidence shows that ticagrelor , in combination with aspirin , is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack .
H evidence suggests that taking aspirin with aspirin can reduce the risk of recurrence and stroke of heart disease patients with heart attacks . 36
H the evidence shows that taking ticagrelor with aspirin can effectively reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke in patients who have experienced heart attacks . 25
H evidence suggests that taking ticagrelor with aspirin can effectively reduce the risk of heart disease recurrence and stroke in patients who experience a heart attack . 27
R in provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it .
H we are grateful that the temporary recommendation for caggrave will provide more treatment options will provide more treatment options for the thousands of people who benefit . 32
H we are heartened by the fact that the temporary recommendation for ticagrelor will provide more treatment options for thousands of beneficiaries . 35
H we are pleased that the temporary recommendation for ticagrelor will provide more treatment options for thousands of people who benefit . 26
R because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - particularly the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited , the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period .
H as a result of the limited information about the efficacy and security of the safety of in three years , particularly the risk of bleeding , the draft guidelines do not recommend that it continue to use its treatment after this period . 40
H owing to the limited information on the efficacy and safety of 替 after three years , especially the risk of bleeding , the draft guidance does not recommend the continuation of its treatment after this period . 30
H given the limited information about the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor in three years , especially the risk of bleeding , the draft guidance does not recommend continuing treatment after that period . 24
R pc culture let vote fraud in muslim areas flourish
H computer culture has led to `` electoral fraud '' 16
H computer culture makes `` electoral fraud '' in the muslim area 14
H computer culture makes `` electoral fraud '' prevalent in muslim areas 12
R ex-tower hamlets mayor lutfur rahman was removed from office last year for corruption , prompting the government report
H lou rahman , former mayor of hammers , was sacked last year for corruption and prompted a government report . 24
H rahman , a former mayor of tower hamlets , was dismissed as a result of corruption last year , prompting the publication of a government report . 27
H tower hamlets , former mayor of lutfur rahman , was sacked last year for corruption , prompting a government report . 13
R a culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in muslim communities , a devastating government report reveals today .
H the `` political correctness '' culture has turned a blind eye to widespread electoral fraud in muslim communities , which have been reported today by a government report . 25
H the `` political correctness '' culture has turned a blind eye to the widespread electoral fraud in the muslim community , a destructive government report that is so today . 26
H the culture of `` political correctness '' has led to the blindness of electoral fraud prevalent in muslim communities , as the government 's report , which is destructive , is revealed today . 33
R ex-cabinet minister sir eric pickles lambasts the police , election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of `` over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion . ''
H sir eric pickles , a former cabinet minister , accused the police , electoral regulators and city hall of `` over-sensitivity to racial profiling and religious issues '' and turned a blind eye to evidence of an election . 49
H sir eric pickles , a former cabinet minister , accused the police , electoral regulators and town hall of evidence of the abuse of elections as a result of `` excessive of racial division and religious issues . '' 41
H sir eric pickers , the former cabinet secretary , has accused the police , the election regulator and the city hall of ignoring the evidence of the misuse of the election because of `` overly sensitive to ethnicity and religious issues '' . 45
R the former communities secretary , now the anti-corruption tsar , said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters .
H the former minister of community affairs , the current anti-corruption minister minister of community affairs , said that the practice of intimidating voters by taking religious positions to intimidate voters was bad , and that the police should be allowed to set up a cordon outside the polling station to protect the frightened voters . 40
H the former minister of community affairs , the current anti-corruption minister , said the practice of intimidating voters with religious positions was bad , and the police should be allowed to set up a cordon outside the polling stations to protect the frightened voters . 30
H the former minister of community affairs , the current anti-corruption chief , said the practice of intimidation of voters by religious positions was bad and that police should be allowed to set up a cordon outside polling stations to protect frightened voters . 24
R he recommends that voters should have to take id to prove who they are when they vote .
H he suggested that voters carry identification documents in order to confirm their identity . 22
H he suggested that voters carry their identity documents when they vote in order to confirm their identity . 22
H he advises voters to carry identity documents to prove their identity . 18
R currently , a voter merely has to state their name and address .
H currently , voters simply give their names and addresses . 13
H currently , voters only need to report their names and addresses . 13
H at present , voters only need to quote their name and address . 12
R the report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person 's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice .
H the report even suggests putting indelible ink on the fingers of voters to prevent a second vote . 19
H the report even suggested with ink on the voters ' fingers to prevent a second ballot . 24
H the report even suggests wiping out ink on voters ' fingers to prevent people from voting two times . 24
R greater protection should be given to whistleblowers , sir eric says .
H sir eric said the protection of whistle-blowers should be increased . 17
H sir eric said that the protection of whistle-blowers should be increased . 18
H sir eric said more protection should be given to whistleblowers . 9
R he calls for the press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups .
H he called for an increase in the media 's understanding of the way the conference documents and the unofficial committee or working group were made decisions . 35
H he called for increased media access to parliamentary documentation and the decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups . 15
H he called for an increase in the media 's access to parliamentary documents and decisions made by non-official committees or working groups . 23
R `` this is not solely to protect against electoral fraud , but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it , '' he said .
H `` this is not just to protect against electoral fraud , but also to protect local governments from widespread corruption and the poison of financial fraud associated with close ties with them , '' he said . 24
H `` this is not just to prevent election fraud , but also to protect local governments from a widespread culture of corruption and the poisoning of financial fraud with which they are closely linked , '' he said . 28
H `` it 's not just to prevent electoral fraud , but to protect local governments from widespread corrupt culture and the toxic financial scams that are closely linked to them , '' he said . 33
R the report was ordered by downing street in the wake of the tower hamlets voting scandal in east london .
H the report was issued in downing street after the hosni hamouri election scandal in east london . 15
H the report was called for in downing street after the tower election scandal in east london . 13
H the report was requested by downing street after the tower hamlets election scandal in eastlondon . 12
R last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor , lutfur rahman , should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices .
H last year , a special electoral court ruled that a series of corruption and illegal acts by the deposed mayor , , of a special election court should be dismissed . 33
H last year , a special electoral court ruled that there had been a series of corrupt and illegal acts in 任 , a mayor , and should be dismissed . 34
H last year , a special election court ruled that there was a series of corruption and illegal acts in the mayor 's office , and should be dismissed . 32
R the court found rahman `` cynically perverted '' the religious feeling of his muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and islamophobia .
H the court found that rahman `` grossly abused '' the religious feelings of the muslim community and shut down and kept silent about his accusations of racial discrimination and islamophobia . 21
H the court found that rahman `` abused '' the religious feelings of the muslim community and was silent about his allegations of racial discrimination and islamophobia . 19
H the court found that mr. rahman was `` very ridiculously abusing '' the religious sentiments of the muslim community and kept silent about his accusations of racism and islamophobia . 19
R rahman , it was said , `` ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful muslims to vote for him . ''
H in his campaign , mr. rahman reportedly declared that he was said to be a religious duty to faithful muslims . 34
H said was said to have claimed to vote for him as a religious duty of a loyal muslim during his campaign . 38
H it is said that rahman `` declared his vote in the campaign as a religious obligation of the faithful muslims . '' 28
R up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation , where a person votes while posing as someone else .
H as many as 300 votes are suspected , it may be that voters impersonate others . 30
H as many as 300 votes are in doubt , it may be the voters counterfeit others to vote . 33
H as many as 300 votes are doubtful , and voters may be counterfeited by others . 30
R sir eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country .
H sir eric said there is evidence of electoral fraud across the country . 3
H sir eric said there was evidence of electoral fraud throughout the country . 3
H sir eric says there is evidence that electoral fraud has been found all over the country . 13
R he voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud - in which senior members of the muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing .
H in particular , he warned of electoral fraud , and senior members of the muslim community were said to have put pressure on voters to vote for the candidates they had designated . 31
H he was particularly alert to the posting of electoral fraud , and senior members of the muslim community were said to put pressure on voters to force them to vote for their designated candidates . 33
H in particular , he warned of the mailing of electoral fraud , where senior members of the muslim community were said to have pressured voters to vote for their designated candidates . 32
R sir eric , pictured , made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your id to prove who you are
H sir eric ( pictured ) was made several recommendations on the for clearing the voting mechanism , including a good identification document to confirm his identity 29
H sir eric ( ( in photos ) gave a number of recommendations on the clearance mechanism , including the identification of identity documents to confirm their identity 38
H sir eric ( in the photo ) has given a number of suggestions for clearing the voting mechanism , including the identification of the identity card , to prove his identity . 41
R his report says : `` evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities , particularly women and young people , to vote according to the will of the elders , especially in communities of pakistani and bangladeshi background .
H he said in the report : `` the evidence indicates that senior members of the background , especially in the background communities in pakistan and bangladesh , are putting pressure on vulnerable groups in minority communities , particularly women and young people , to vote according to their on their own volition . '' 57
H `` the evidence shows that senior members , especially those in pakistan and bangladesh background communities , have put pressure on vulnerable groups in some minority communities , especially women and young people , to vote on their own will . '' 53
H `` the evidence suggests that senior members , particularly in the background communities in pakistan and bangladesh , have put pressure on vulnerable groups in some minority communities , especially women and young people , to vote on their own volition , '' he said in his report . 58
R `` there were concerns that ... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of `` politically correct '' over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion . ''
H `` because of the oversensitivity of racial divisions and religious correctness , they fear that state institutions will be blind to institutions will turn a blind eye to such behaviour . '' 43
H `` because of the excessive of ethnic division and religion 'political correctness , they fear that national institutions will turn a blind eye to such behaviour . '' 42
H `` because they are overly sensitive to racial divisions and religious ' political correctness ' , they fear that state institutions will turn a blind eye to such behaviour . '' 42
R sir eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system , including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop `` vote harvesting . ''
H sir eric proposed 50 proposals to clean up the electoral mechanism , including a ban on the handling of voting documents by political activists to stop `` voting . '' 25
H sir eric proposed 50 proposals to clean up the electoral mechanism , including a ban on political activists to deal with post voting documents to stop `` voting . '' 25
H sir eric proposed 50 proposals to clean up the voting system , including banning political activists from sending ballot papers to prevent `` voting gains '' . 16
R the report , being considered by theresa may , also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud .
H the report also calls for a review of the registration information to prevent the electoral roll from being used for immigration and welfare fraud . 20
H the report also requires strictly to register information to prevent the electoral roll from being used for immigration and welfare fraud . 23
H the report also requires strict checks on registration information to prevent voter rolls from being used for immigration and welfare fraud . theresa ( theresa may ) is also considering the report . 32
R consider the options for requiring voters to produce id before voting .
H the recommendations included asking voters to produce identification documents before the vote . 13
H these recommendations include requiring voters to present their identity documents before voting . 13
H these proposals include requiring electors to show their identity cards before voting . 15
R use indelible ink on a person 's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice .
H after the vote , the voter 's finger was smeared with indelible ink on their fingers to prevent a second vote . 29
H after the vote , with ink on the voters ' fingers to prevent a second ballot . 23
H after the vote , the voter 's fingers were smeared with indelible ink to prevent a two-time vote . 30
R carry out systematic checks on a person 's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote .
H systematic verification of the voters ' ethnic affiliation to ensure voting eligibility . 21
H systematic verification of the ethnic affiliation of voters to ensure voting eligibility . 23
H systematic verification of voters ' ethnic affiliation to ensure voter eligibility . 20
R put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote .
H the active deadline for automatically mailing a ballot is set for three years . 22
H the validity of the automatic mailing request is limited to three years . 23
H limit the validity of the automatic mail poll request to three years . 21
R ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes .
H political activists and militants are prohibited from dealing with the completed postal voting and mailing envelopes . 16
H political activists and activists are prohibited from handling completed mailing ballots and mailing envelopes . 12
H political activists and activists are barred from handling completed mailings and mailing ballot envelopes . 12
R give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations .
H the police were authorized to establish a cordon around the polling station . 14
H the police are authorized to set up a cordon around the polling stations . 9
H authorized police to set up a cordon around the polling station . 9
R change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the representation of the people act 1983 .
H the amendment of the legal provisions makes it easier to terrorize individuals in accordance with the 1983 people 's representatives act ( represresof the act ( represresof the act 1983 ( represresthe act . 36
H the amendment of the legal provisions makes it easier to accuse the person concerned of the crime of intimidation in accordance with the people 's representative act 1983 ( 1983 ) . 32
H the amendment of the legal provisions makes it easier to charge the persons concerned with intimidation in accordance with the 1983 people 's representative act ( representation of the people act 1983 ) . 26
R make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations .
H it is illegal to take pictures at the polling stations . 5
H it is illegal to provide for photographs at the polling stations . 10
H it is illegal to take pictures at a polling station . 7
R make it a requirement that only english is to be used in polling stations ( except in wales ) .
H only english is available at polling stations ( except in wales ) . 11
H provision is made for the use of english only in the polling stations ( except for the welsh region ) . 25
H it is stipulated that only english ( except wales ) can be used at polling stations . 19
R strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone .
H strengthening training to ensure that staff strictly enforce the provision of `` voters alone to the polling hall . '' 18
H strengthen training to ensure that staff strictly enforce the provisions of the `` voters 去 . '' 17
H ( a ) strengthen training to ensure that staff members strictly implement the provisions of the `` voter-independent vote-room '' . 27
R sir eric savages the metropolitan police , saying it is `` astonishing '' that no criminal charges were brought after the tower hamlets case .
H sir eric was surprised by the fact that he denounced the metropolitan police , saying that it was truly `` surprising '' that they had not made any criminal charges had been brought after the incident in hamhamshah . 30
H sir eric denounced the metropolitan police station ( most ) , who said that they were `` surprised '' that they did not raise any criminal charges after the events incident . 29
H sir eric denounced the metropolitan police ( metropolitan police ) , saying they were `` surprised '' that they had not filed any criminal charges after the tower hamlets incident . 22
R `` the election court disqualified lutfur rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices , '' he said .
H `` there is a lot of corruption and violations and lawlessness in the presence of rahman and his electoral officers have , which have been disqualified by the electoral court , '' he said . 38
H `` rahman and his election officers have a number of corrupt and illegal acts and are therefore subject to the disqualification of the electoral tribunal , '' he said . 25
H `` there are a lot of corruption and irregularities in mr. rahman and his election officers , and are therefore disqualified from the electoral court , '' he said . 34
R he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds .
H in the case of criminal proof standards , he is unquestionably guilty in many respects under the . 33
H in many respects , he is guilty of guilt in many respects , in accordance with the standard of criminal proof . 31
H he was guilty in many ways , in accordance with the standards of criminal proof . 25
R he also criticises the ineffectual `` tick-box inspections '' of town hall electoral registration departments .
H he also criticized the `` checkbox checks '' of the city hall election registration department . 16
H he also criticized the ineffective `` 勾选框 inspection '' of the town hall election registration department . 15
H he also criticized the city hall election registration department as `` check box '' . 19
R sir eric said : `` last year 's court ruling in tower hamlets was a wake-up call .
H sir eric said : `` last year the court sounded a wake-up call to everyone , for the duke hammers decision , . '' 20
H sir eric said : `` last year , the court was a wake-up call to everyone . '' 12
H `` last year , the court sounded a wake-up call to the tower hamlets verdict , '' said sir eric . 25
R our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments , yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation .
H while our country has a glorious tradition of the `` mother of parliament '' , however , but it is also a good name for some agencies to surreptitiously surreptitiously vote of the privately surreptitious electoral fraud and the subsequent kaleidoscopic rejection of the incident . 55
H while our country has a glorious tradition of `` the mother of parliament , '' the private furtive of electoral fraud by some institutions and the subsequent deny of the contraries are a cause for concern and a threat to this good reputation . 47
H our country has a glorious tradition of `` the mother of parliament '' , but it is a matter of concern and threat to the good reputation of some institutions in the private and furtive conduct of electoral fraud and subsequent repudiation . 50
R crazy for kate 's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of rio olympians
H the cyclists who looked like the duchess of kate middleton 's cyclists and other celebrities who hit the face were courted 26
H players 15
H the contestants who look like kate middleton 's cyclists and other celebrities in the rio olympics have been courted . 23
R fans of the rio 2016 olympics this week have gone wild for french cyclist pauline ferrand-prevot , who has proven an impressive lookalike for the duchess of cambridge .
H this week , the french cyclist pauline ferrand platot , a french cyclist who looks like princess kate to be at the olympic games in 2016 , has been enthusiastically courted by the audience . 44
H this week , france ferrand , the french cyclist , who looks like princess kate in 2016 , has been strongly by the audience . 38
H the french cyclist polin ferrander prev ( pauline ferrand prevot ) , who looks like kate middleton in the 2016 rio olympics this week , was eagerly sought after by viewers . 43
R but the 24-year-old olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger - at least not according to social media .
H but the 24-year-old olympic athlete is not the only contender to hit the face of a celebrity in the summer olympics , at least not in the social media . 35
H but the 24-year-old olympic player is not the only gold contender for the summer olympics , at least by social media . 27
H but the 24-year-old is not the only gold medalist in this summer 's olympics , at least by social media . 25
R so , in honor of the rio games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment , femail have compiled a list of olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with hollywood celebs .
H so , in memory of the rio olympic games and all the celebrity faces that appeared on the screen at that time , femail compiled a list of the olympians who hit the face of hollywood stars . 32
H so , to commemorate the rio olympics and all the celebrity faces on the screen , femail 整理 a list of olympic players who hit hollywood stars . 32
H so , to commemorate the rio olympics and all the celebrity faces appearing on the screen at that time , femail sorted out a list of the hollywood star 's olympians . 39
R the hunter and the wolf : u.s. men 's archery team member brady ellison , left , has been compared to leonardo dicaprio since he was a kid
H hunter and wolf : american male archery player brady ellison ( left ) has been compared to leonardo dicaprio since childhood 23
H hunter and wolf : american men archery brady ellison ( left ) was compared to leonardo dicaprio 23
H hunter and wolf : american male archery player bredy errison ( brady ellison ) ( left ) from childhood to leonardo dicaprio ( leonardo dicaprio ) 36
R aside from kate 's doppelganger on the cycling track , many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of a-lister leonardo dicaprio .
H in addition to kate 's contestant hitting her face , on the track , many netizens quickly discovered that an archery player was the twin brother of leonardo dicaprio . 38
H in addition to the bicycle on the bicycle track , many netizens quickly found that an archer was the twin brother of leonardo dicaprio . 36
H in addition to the contestants who hit kate on the bike track , many netizens quickly discovered that an archer was a twin brother of leonardo dicaprio . 39
R u.s. men 's archery team member brady ellison has caused a storm on twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the wolf of wall street star surfaced .
H the american man , brockdy ellison , a us male archery player , has created a huge ruckus on social media since his photos of his image as starring role in wall street 's wolf street wolves have surfaced . 57
H states brady , the american man 's archery , has caused a great stir in social media since his images like the wall street werewolf ( wolf ) appeared on twitter . 45
H the american male archery bredy errison has caused a great stir in social media since his photograph of the wall , the wolf of the wall street , has been exposed to twitter . 46
R and in fact , the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like leo since he was a kid .
H in fact , the archery player sensed the hype about social media and admitted that he was looking like a plum . 25
H in fact , the archer was aware of the social media hype and admitted that someone said he was looking like a 小李子 . 21
H in fact , the archer sensed the hype of social media and admitted that small people said they looked like little plums . 28
R ' i personally do n't see a huge resemblance , maybe besides the facial hair , ' brady told huffington post .
H `` i think it 's not much like a beard except a beard , '' brady told the huffington post . 28
H `` i think i do n't think it 's so much like whiskers , '' said brady to the huffington post . 29
H `` i think i do n't look like a beard , '' brady told the huffington post , huffington post . 23
R 'he is a good-looking dude so i guess it 's a compliment . '
H `` he is a good-looking playboy , so i think it 's a compliment to me . '' 11
H `` he is a handsome playboy , so i think it 's a compliment to me . '' 15
H `` he 's a good-looking playboy , so i think it 's a compliment . '' 12
R one of the most popular comparisons from london 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between british long jumper greg rutherford and popular actor neil patrick harris .
H one of the most popular comparisons at the 2012 olympics in london will undoubtedly be found in more similarities this year : greg rutherford , a british long-jump , looks like a famous actor neil patrick harris . 37
H one of the most popular comparisons in the 2012 london olympics will undoubtedly be found to be more similar this year : the british long jump , greg rutherford , is a famous actor neil patrick harris ( neil harris ) . 31
H one of the most popular contrasts in the 2012 london olympics will no doubt be found in more similarities this year : the british long jumper greg lutherford ( greg rutherford ) looks like a famous actor harris ( neil patrick harris ) . 37
R russian gymnast aliya mustafina , with her large , expressive eyes , has been said to be a dead ringer for cuban-american singer gloria estefan .
H russian gymnast aliya mustafina , a russian gymnast with a pair of big talking eyes , was described as a cuban-american singer gloria estefan . 23
H russian mustafina , a russian gymnast with a pair of will eyes , was like cuban · , a cuban pop star . 33
H mustafina ( aliya mustafina ) , a russian gymnast with big , talking eyes , was said to resemble cuban-american singer gloria estefan ( gloria estefan ) . 26
R and over in the pool , south african swimmer cameron van der burgh has been getting compared to glee star matthew morrison for years now .
H in the swimming pool , for years , the south african swimmer cameron van der burgh has been compared to matthew morrison , the glee . 16
H in swimming , south african swimmer david cameron , a south african swimmer , has been taken to compare with matthew morrison , starring in the joy choir . 31
H in swimming , for years , south african swimmer cameron van der burg ( cameron van der burgh ) has been compared to `` glee '' ( glee ) starring matthew morrison ( matthew morrison ) . 31
R changing it up : this user reckons that nathan is an 'athletic version ' of the inception actor
H to replace it : the user believes that nathan jun ) ( nathan jun ) ( nathan jun ) ( nathan jun ) is a `` sports version '' of the actor `` inception 34
H change : the user thinks ni nicky is the `` sport '' of the `` 盗梦 space '' actor 26
H dress up : the user thinks that yi jia jun ( nathan adrian ) is the `` sports version '' of the `` inception '' ( inception ) actor . 29
R another long-running comparison has been between tennis star rafael nadal and actor josh hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips .
H the other pair were compared to tennis star rafael nadal and actor josh harnett , whose bushy eyebrows and lips look alike . 28
H another pair of old men is the tennis star rafael nadal and actor josh hartnett , whose bushy and lips look very much . 25
H another pair of old men were compared to tennis star nadal ( rafael nadal ) and actor hartnett ( josh hartnett ) , whose eyebrows and lips looked alike . 31
R silver medal swimmer russia 's yulia efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress annalynne mccord , while team usa 's nathan adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of joseph gorgon levitt . '
H russian swimmer yetta efimova and actress anna mccord have the same bronzed skin and blond hair , while the american team is compared with the `` joseph gorgon levitt , a sports version '' of the same . 60
H russian efimova , a russian swimmer , and actor annalynne mccord have the same bronzed skin and blond hair , while states nicky , the united states team , is compared to `` sport 的 , joseph gorgon levitt , . '' 62
H russian swimmer effimo ( yulia efimova ) and actor anarini mcaud ( annalynne mccord ) have the same bronze skin and blonde hair , while the american team 's yi jia jun is likened to `` sporty version of joseph gordon levitt ( joseph gorgon levitt ) '' by fans . 60
R tough women : soccer star hope solo , left , and dexter actress jennifer carpenter , right , have similar face shapes and eyes
H women : football star hope solo ( left ) and blooter forensic medicine actress jennifer carpenter ( right ) have similar faces and eyes 18
H female man : soccer star hope solo ( left ) and actor ( right ) with similar faces and eyes 22
H female man : soccer star hope solo ( hope solo ) ( left ) and `` bloodthirsty forensic '' ( dexter ) actor jennifer carpenter ( jennifer carpenter ) ( right ) with similar face shape and eyes 34
R not the only one : one twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
H it 's not the only one : a twitter user happily discovers that others see similar to find the similarities 18
H not the only one : a twitter user is happy to find that others have seen these similarities 17
H not the only one : a twitter user is happy to find that other people have seen these similarities 20
R floating a theory : according to this user , perhaps there is a reason behind the pair 's similar looks
H communication theory : according to the user , the pair are likely to have a reason 21
H communication theory : according to the user , this is like a reason for a reason 19
H communication theory : according to the user , this pair looks like maybe there 's a reason . 22
R one twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that 'the rest of the internet thinks that hope solo and jennifer carpenter are actually identical . '
H one twitter user recently happily announced online claims that hope solo and jennifer carpenter were actually exactly the same . 27
H a twitter user has recently been happy to say that `` other netizens think hope solo and jennifer carpenter are actually the same . '' 30
H one twitter user recently happily claimed online that `` other netizens also think hope solo and jennifer carpenter actually look exactly the same . '' 32
R indeed , the usa soccer star and the dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes .
H indeed , the american football star and the bloodthirsty forensic physician have a high profile face and eyes . 17
H indeed , the american football star and the forensic have a very similarity face and eye . 17
H indeed , the american football star and the bloodthirsty m.e . have a very similar face and eyes . 17
R other popular comparisons have included kerri walsh-jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress laura linney , as well as gold medal-winning gymnast gabby douglas , who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of bring it on star gabrielle union .
H other popular comparisons include kerri walsh jennings ( kerri walsh ) , whose smile is almost identical to that of actress laura linney ; and , with a gold medal for gymnastics gymnast gabby douglas , which was the same as well as the smile like the smile of the star gabriel union . 53
H other popular comparisons include kerri walsh · , whose smile is almost identical to that of actress laura linney ; and gymnastics douglas gabby , a gold medal , with a beautiful and brilliant smile with the smile of gabrielle , the star of charm four . 56
H other popular contrasts include cley walsh jannings ( kerri walsh jennings ) , her smile was almost exactly the same as actress laura linney , and gaby douglas , a gold-medal gymnast , gabby douglas , and her beautiful smile was the same as `` glamour '' ( bring it on star ) star gabrielle ( gabrielle union ) . 65
R cbc olympics commentator apologizes for saying chinese swimmer 'died like a pig '
H the cbc olympic commentator apologizes for the comments of chinese swimmers `` as slow as pigs '' 19
H the cbc olympic commentator apologized for the comments of the chinese swimmer , `` like a pig '' 16
H cbc olympic commentator apologizes for chinese swimmer 's `` slow like a pig '' comment 10
R byron macdonald 's analysis of 14-year-old ai yanhan 's fourth place finish at the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of cbc 's live olympic coverage on wednesday
H on wednesday , byron mcdonald angered viewers watching the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay have live broadcast of the games live by the canadian broadcasting corporation ( cbc ) at the age of 14-year-old , a commentary on the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay relay 56
H on wednesday , byron mcdonald 's comments on the fourth in the women freestyle relay in the 14-year-old young 惹怒 watch audience canada 49
H wednesday , byron mcdonald ( byron macdonald ) to the 14-year-old teenager ai ying with the fourth place of the female 4x200 rice freestyle relay race angered by watching the canadian broadcasting corporation ( cbc ) olympic live broadcast audience 51
R canadian broadcaster cbc has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female chinese swimmer 'went out like stink ' and 'died like a pig ' during a race .
H a cbc commentator in cbc said that the 14-year-old chinese swimmer , who was 14 years old , will be `` out of the way of the travel faster than bad odour , '' in the race and `` just as slow as a pig , '' cbc was forced to apologise . 69
H a commentator from canada , a canadian broadcaster , said the 14-year-old chinese swimmer was forced to apologize at the end of the game . 47
H an announcer at the canadian broadcasting company cbc said the 14-year-old chinese swimmer was forced to apologize after the `` start of a race that was faster than the stench '' and ended `` as slow as a pig '' . 55
R commentator byron macdonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay final .
H by the end of the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay at the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay final , a commentator byron mcdonald made his own comments at said he thought his microphone was switched off . 47
H narrator byron , at the end of the women 's 4x200 freestyle relay final , made some of his own views when he thought his microphone had been turned off . 38
H narrator byron mcdonald at the end of the women 's 4x200 freestyle relay finals when he thought his microphone had been turned off . 33
R macdonald , who was brought on board cbc 's commentary team to provide 'color ' could be heard saying : 'that little 14-year-old from china dropped the ball , baby ' .
H `` the 14-year-old chinese girl made a stupid mistake , '' said byron byron , a spectator with a team of the cbc commentator team. `` 57
H `` the 14-year-old chinese little girl made a stupid mistake , '' said byron byron , a team commentator . 49
H `` the 14-year-old chinese girl made a stupid mistake , '' said byron , who was told by the cbc team , the `` tinted glasses '' commentator . 58
R too excited , went out like stink , died like a pig .
H as a result of the being too excited , it was quicker to swim faster than the stench , but it was as slow as a pig . 27
H because of the excitement , it began to swim faster than the stench , but later as slow as a pig . 25
H being so excited , i began to travel faster than the stench , but later i was as slow as a pig . 24
R thanks for that .
H it 's really i owe it to her . 12
H it 's really thanks to her . 8
H thanks to her . 4
R chinese swimmer ai yanhan , 14 , swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than canada 's taylor ruck , allowing the canadians to close the gap on china .
H the 14-year-old chinese swimmer swam the second best swimmer , with a 1.79-and 57 seconds behind , who led canada 's taylor ruck 1.61 seconds , then reducing the gap with china . 47
H the 14-year-old chinese swimmer , 艾衍含 , swam in the second best , with a 1 , 57 , 1.61 , and then makes the gap between china and china . 46
H the 14-year-old chinese swimmer , ai ying , has a second-best tour , with 1 minutes and 57 seconds 79 -- tyler lacker ( taylor ruck ) 1.61 seconds behind canada , which narrows the gap with china . 53
R viewers across canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
H the whole canadian audience was stunned by the narrator 's tone and language of the commentator , and they soon responded to the network 33
H the entire canadian audience was shocked by the speaker 's tone and wording , and then they quickly responded to the network 29
H the entire canadian audience was surprised by the narrator 's tone and wording , and they quickly reacted on the internet . 31
R emmett macfarlane tweeted , `` did the cbc announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from china 'died like a pig ' '' ? ? ? ?
H emmett macfarlane said : `` the cbc commentator said that china 's 14-year-old swimmer '' is like a pig , `` said emmett macfarlane . 34
H `` the cbc commentator says china 's 14-year-old swimmer is '' slow like a pig `` ? 28
H emmett macfarlane , the cbc commentator , said that china 's 14-year-old swimmer was ' slow as a pig ' ? ? ? 25
R the idiot did n't realize they were still on the air . '
H this idiot did n't realize it was live . 12
H the idiot did n't realize that it was live . 11
H the idiot did n't realize it was on the live . 8
R ai yanhan of china in the women 's 4 x 200m freestyle relay final was described as : 'that little 14-year-old from china dropped the ball , baby . '
H china xiaoyu , who competed in the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay final , said that `` the 14-year-old chinese girl has made a stupid mistake . '' 37
H `` the 14-year-old chinese little girl made a stupid mistake , '' said 艾衍含 , a chinese young girl who took part in the women 's 4x200 freestyle relay . 57
H `` the 14-year-old chinese girl made a stupid mistake , '' the chinese teenager ai ying , who participated in the final of the 4x200 freestyle relay race , was described as saying . 58
R criticism on twitter came thick and fast against byron macdonald with many calling him out
H on twitter , criticism on byron macdonald 's criticism of byron macdonald 's criticism quickly spread on twitter , and many asked him to exit the commentary . 33
H twitter 's criticism of byron mcdonald was quickly overwhelming on twitter , and many people asked for their exit . 26
H twitter 's criticisms of byron mcdonald have been sweeping over twitter , and many have asked them to quit . 30
R twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive byron macdonlad was being
H when twitter users heard that byron macdonald was slow to react to this , they did not stop . 24
H when twitter users heard that byron mcdonald was slow to react , they did not stop . 22
H when twitter users heard that byron mcdonald was unresponsive , they did n't stop there . 23
R another twitter user , sarah paradis , wrote : 'wow # byronmacdonald .
H another twitter user , sarah michais , wrote : `` wow . '' 9
H another twitter user , sarah paradis , wrote : `` wow # byron . 5
H another twitter user , sarah paradis , wrote , `` wow , byron mcdonald . '' 12
R you represent the cbc and canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists . # disgusted .
H you represent cbc and canada , and your words and actions make us all sound like a bunch of racists . 9
H you represent cbc and canada , your words and deeds make us all sound like a group of racist . # really . 11
H you represent cbc and canada , and your words and deeds make us all sound like a bunch of racists . # it 's annoying . 11
R soon after , scott russel who was hosting cbc 's broadcast apologized on-air for macdonald 's comment , saying : 'we apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air . '
H shortly afterwards , scott russel , the cbc presenter , apologized for byron 's remarks , saying : `` we apologise for the comments we made by on the performance of the swimmer . '' 43
H shortly after , cbc radio , the cbc radio , apologized for byron 's remarks , saying : `` we apologize for the comments made by swimming swimmers . '' 40
H soon after , cbc radio host scott russell apologized for his comments on the webcast , saying : `` we apologize for the commentary on the performance of the live swimmer . '' 42
R it was an unfortunate choice of words , we 're sorry it happened . '
H `` we are sorry for this inappropriate language . '' 20
H `` we are sorry for this anachronistic language . '' 20
H `` we are very sorry for this untimely wording . '' 21
R cbc ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
H the cbc apologized to twitter users who responded to the statement more than 90 times 23
H cbc apologized to twitter users who responded to the statement more than 90 times 22
H cbc apologizes to twitter users who responded to the comments more than more than 90 times 24
R fellow commentator , scott russel , had to make an apology on macdonald 's behalf
H another commentator , scott russel , also apologized for byron 16
H another commentator scott russel also apologized on behalf of byron 16
H another commentator , scott russell , also apologized to byron . 17
R cbc then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about macdonald 's comments
H cbc then copied their apology to more than 90 twitter users who protested byron 's commentary 10
H cbc then copied their apologies to more than 90 other twitter users who protested the interpretation of byron 15
H cbc then copied their apology to the other more than 90 twitter users who protested the byron commentary . 16
R the network was also quick to apologize and released a statement .
H the channel also made a quick apology and issued a statement . 10
H the channel also made a quick apology and issued a statement . 10
H the channel also quickly apologized and issued a statement . 10
R we sincerely regret that these statements were made , and that they were allowed to go to air .
H we are very sorry to say that and live it live . 23
H we are very sorry to say such a word and go out on the live . 27
H we are very sorry to say this and live out the broadcast . 26
R we moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on social media .
H last night , we moved quickly to apologize to the audience who watched our live viewers and to our audience in social media . 17
H last night , we acted quickly to apologize for watching our live audience and watching our audience in social media . 22
H last night , we took swift action to apologize to viewers who watched our live audience and to our audience in social media . 21
R to be clear , byron 's comments were related to the swimmer 's performance , not to her as an individual .
H it needs to be said that byron 's explanation is for the swimmer 's performance of the swimmer , but not for her . 22
H what needs to be said is that byron 's explanation is directed at the performance of the swimmer , but not for her . 27
H it should be explained that byron 's explanation is for swimmers , but not for her . 26
R that said , they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and byron is very sorry for what he said .
H that is to say , the wording is really inappropriate , and byron is sorry . 22
H that is to say , the wording is really inappropriate , and byron is deeply sorry . 23
H that is to say , the wording is indeed inappropriate , and byron is deeply sorry . 23
R on thursday afternoon , macdonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he did n't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack .
H on thursday afternoon , mcdonald apologized on the live broadcast , saying his words did not mean personal insults and tried to justify his remarks . 37
H on thursday afternoon , mcdonald apologized in the live broadcast , saying that he had no personal attack and tried to justify his speech . 40
H in the afternoon of thursday , macdonald apologized on the live , saying that his words did not mean any personal attack , and tried to justify his remarks . 41
R ' i would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that i made last night after the women 's relay , ' he said on cbc 's olympic broadcast . '
H `` i 'd like to spend a little time apologizing for my comments i made last night after the women 's relay race , '' he said in the cbc olympics . 30
H `` i want to take some time to apologize for what i said last night at the end of the female relay race , '' he said on the cbc olympics . 34
H `` i 'd like to take some time to apologize for what i said last night in the end of the women 's relay race , '' he says in the cbc olympics . 34
R ' i was referring to a swimmer 's performance , and not to them as a person . '
H `` i just comment on the performance of the swimmer , not the individual . '' 26
H `` i just comment on the performance of the swimmer , not to his individual . '' 25
H `` i 'm just commenting on the swimmer 's performance , not on the individual . '' 23
R 'needless to say , there was no disrespect intended and i 'm very sorry . '
H `` of course , i do n't mean disrespect , i 'm sorry . '' 22
H `` of course , i have no disrespect . '' i 'm sorry. `` 21
H `` of course , i do n't mean to disrespect , i 'm sorry . '' 21
R primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
H primaris customer expressed anger at a woman brazenly trying to try her underwear in the middle of the store 17
H the primark customer was angry with a woman who had the audacity to try on his underwear in the center of the shop 19
H primark customer expressed anger at a woman who brazenly tried to wear underwear in the center of the shop 11
R shoppers did n't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a primark .
H a woman was stripped in a primchu store in the center of the underwear to try underwear , the shop customers do not know where to look . 41
H a woman strip in the middle of a primark shop in the middle of a primark shop , where the customers do n't know where to look . 37
H a woman in a primark shop in the center of the spot strip test underwear , shop customers do n't know where to look . 40
R to make it even worse , she sized up how she looked in them , peeled them off and put them back on the shelf .
H worse , she looked at how she looked , and then took off her underwear and put it back on the shelf . 19
H even worse , she looked at herself when she looked , and then put off her underwear and put it back on the shelf . 21
H to make things worse , she looked at how she looked when she put it on , then took her panties off and put it back on the shelf . 22
R she carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in bouverie place shopping centre , folkestone .
H she continued browsing the shelves and eventually fitted on four panties in the shop at the bouverie place mall in folkhurst . 23
H she continued to browse the shelves and eventually wore four underwear in the shop at the bouverie shopping mall in folkestone . 23
H she went on to browse the shelves and eventually tried on four underpants in the store at the bouverie place mall in folkestone . 21
R the primark store in bouverie place shopping centre , folkestone , where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
H the woman keeps on fitting her underwear on the bouverie place mall in folkhurst , and , and then putting it back on shelves 32
H the woman kept on her underwear in the primark shop at the bouverie shopping mall in folkestone , and then put it back on the shelf 30
H the woman tried to wear underwear in the primark store at the bouverie place mall in folkestone and put it back on the shelves . 31
R a mother-of-two , jenny davidson , who was in the shop at the time , said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman 'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything . '
H the mysterious woman , the mother of two children , said , `` once on the underwear , the mysterious woman dressed up again and walked out of the shop without buying anything . '' 36
H david son , the mother of two children , said the mysterious woman `` dressed again , and then went out of the shop and bought nothing . 44
H jenny davidson ( two children 's mother ) , who was also in the store , said that after trying on her underwear , the mysterious woman `` dressed again and went out of the store and bought nothing . '' 39
R she said : 'people could n't believe what they were seeing . '
H `` we ca n't believe what we 've seen , '' she said . 23
H `` everyone ca n't believe what you see , '' she said . 21
H `` you ca n't believe what you 're seeing , '' she said . 21
R standing in the middle of the shop floor , she took a pair of knickers from the display , stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on .
H she was standing in the middle of the store , taking a pair of underwear off the shelf , taking off her tights and panties , and then wearing it . 26
H she stood in the middle of the shop , took off a underwear from the shelf , took off her tight and underwear , and then put on it . 23
H she was standing in the middle of the store , taking a pair of panties off the shelves , stripping off her tights and panties , and then putting them on . 23
R 'she did n't try to find anywhere discreet to do it - she just stood there , bold as brass . '
H `` she 's not trying to find a secluded place to try it on - she 's just standing there , '' she said . 30
H `` she did not try to find a hidden place to try . she was just standing there . 25
H `` she did n't try to find the hidden place to try it-she just stood there , really cheeky . '' 16
R 'everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously did n't like them because she put them back on the shelf . '
H `` when she took off her underwear again , everyone was dumbfounded . obviously , she was not satisfied , because she put her underwear back on the shelf . '' 34
H `` when she took off her underwear again , everyone was stunned . it was clear that she was not satisfied , because she put her underwear back on the shelf . 38
H `` when she took her panties off again , everyone was stunned . apparently , she was still dissatisfied because she put her panties back on the shelves . '' 37
R she did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out .
H then she tried three times like this , and finally found it was not her liking , then she dressed again and went out of the shop again . 34
H then she tried three things like this , and finally found that she did not like it , then dressed again and went out of the shop . 35
H after that , she tried three like this , and finally found out that she did n't like it , then dressed again and went out of the shop . 39
R 'she did n't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she 'd been trying on . '
H `` she does n't seem to care that anyone is looking at her - or even wondering who will end up buying her underwear she does n't get through . '' 41
H `` she does n't seem to care about someone watching her - or who will eventually buy the underwear she has tried on . 25
H `` she does n't seem to care that someone is looking at her -- or that she 's not going to end up buying the panties she 's trying to get through , '' she said . 48
R ms davidson , 33 , who lives in the kent town , said : 'how disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they have n't been cleaned . '
H `` it 's disgusting to think i feel sick at the thought of someone buying underwear that someone is going to buy else had passed through and has n't been washed , '' said ms. shen , 33 , who lives in the town of surrey . 67
H ms. son ( 33 ) , who lived in the town of kent , said : `` it 's disgusting to think that someone will buy underwear that others walk through and not cleaned . '' 42
H ms. davidson , who lives in kent town ( 33 years old ) , said : `` it 's disgusting to think that someone will buy underwear that other people have walked through and have not been washed . '' 42
R the incident happened on tuesday afternoon .
H this happened on tuesday afternoon . 3
H this happened on tuesday afternoon . 3
H it happened in the afternoon of tuesday . 9
R ms davidson added : ' i gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left - which is just as well . '
H `` after she left , the shop assistant apparently had to do the underpants for the underpants , '' she added . 41
H ms. son added : `` when she left , the clerk clearly had to take these underwear off the shelves , but fortunately it was . 43
H ms. davidson added : `` after she left , the shop assistant obviously had to do the next thing with the underwear . '' 38
R ' i 'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again , and they had n't been washed . '
H `` i hate buying a new pair of underwear , but i find another woman trying to cross it and not being cleaned . '' 41
H `` i hate to buy a new underwear , but find another woman trying to pass through and has not been cleaned . '' 40
H `` i hate to buy a new pair of underwear , but i find another woman trying to cross it and not being washed . '' 38
R a primark spokesman said : 'primark is aware of an incident which took place in our folkestone store on tuesday august 9 . '
H `` primakov already knows what happened in our folkyard store on tuesday , aug. 9 , '' a primarian spokesman said . 36
H `` primark has known about august 9 ( tuesday ) in our folkestone store , '' a spokesman for primark said . 37
H `` primark already knows what happened in our folkestone store august 9 ( tuesday ) , '' said a spokesman for primark . 34
R all the product in question has been removed from sale .
H all of the problematic goods have been put down . 13
H all the problematic commodities were pulled off the shelves . 15
H all the problematic goods have been under the shelves . 13
R how to defend yourself from gun attacks using krav maga
H how to protect yourself in a gun attack 10
H how to use 马伽术 to protect yourself in a gun attack 13
H how to protect yourself with the use of gamma in a gun attack 15
R it 's a dangerous world out there , but this video from dailymail.com might help make it a little safer for you .
H the world is dangerous , but the video on dailymail com may bring you a bit of security . 29
H the world is dangerous , but the video on the dailymail.com may give you a sense of security . 29
H the world is dangerous , but this video on dailymail may give you a sense of security . 28
R we spoke to rhon mizrachi , new york-based grandmaster of the krav maga federation , to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range .
H we were asked to learn how to deal with the gunman at close range , and the master of krav maga grande , in new york . 39
H we asked mizrachi rhon , a master of the 马伽术 alliance in new york , to learn about how to deal with the perpetrators of the gun . 34
H we consulted the master rhon mizrachi of new york 's krav maga federation to learn how to deal with gunmen at close range . 23
R whether you 're approached from in front or behind , this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger .
H whether he is from the front or behind you , the video will teach you how to turn defeat . 19
H whether he is from the front or behind you , the video will teach you how to win . 20
H whether he is close to you from the front or behind , the video will teach you how to defeat . 20
R if approached from behind , mizrachi says , the first thing to do is turn around , so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire ' .
H if the shooter approaches you from behind , the first thing you have to do is turn around so that you can see the attacker and `` clear the fire line , '' says tripracher . 23
H if says if the gunman is close to you , the first thing you have to do is turn around so that you can see the attacker and `` clear the line of fire . '' 23
H mizrachi said that if the shooter approached you from behind , the first thing you had to do was turn around so that you could see the attacker and `` clear the line '' . 24
R you then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow .
H then , grab the gun with your forearm and shoulder and hit the attacker on the face with your elbow . 16
H then , hold the gun with your forearm and shoulder , and then hit the attacker with your elbow . 17
H then , hold the gun with your forearm and shoulder and hit the attacker on the face with your elbow . 16
R a knee to the groin follows , and while the attacker doubles up in pain , you twist the gun from his hands , smack him in the face with the barrel and back up , keeping the weapon trained on him .
H then with the knee to his groin , when the attacker bent over the pain , he reversed his gun , hit him in the face with the barrel and the backup gun , and kept his weapon on him . 38
H then , with his knee 顶 , when the attacker bent down with pain , he turned the gun in his hand , beat his face with the barrel and the reserve , and kept his arms at him . 47
H then with the knee on his groin , when the attacker bent over with pain , he reversed his gun , hit him in the face with the barrel and the backing gun , and kept his weapon on him . 40
R for gunmen approaching from the front , it 's a similar technique - get your body out of the line of fire , grab the gun and twist it around so the villain ca n't fire .
H if gunmen are close to the gunman approaches from the front and use a similar technique to allow , make your body not within the line of fire , take the gun and reverse the muzzle so that the gunman ca n't fire . 36
H if the gunman is close to the front , a similar technique is used to keep your body out of the line of fire , grab a gun and reverse the gun so that the gunman ca n't fire . 30
H if the gunman comes in from the front , it also uses a similar technique -- to keep your body out of the firing line , grab the gun and twist the muzzle so that the shooter does n't fire . 28
R at the same time , put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest , then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him .
H at the same time , the weight was placed on the gun and the chest was hit the attacker 's chest , and turn the muzzle was turned from his tightly clenched hand and the muzzle was pointed at him . 34
H at the same time , the weight was pressed on the gun and struck the attacker 's chest and reverse the gun from his clenched hand , and then directed the gun to him . 30
H at the same time , press the weight on the gun and hit the attacker on the chest and twist the muzzle from his clenched hand and then point the muzzle at him . 24
R sounds tricky ?
H sounds complicated ? 2
H that sounds complicated ? 3
H sounds complicated ? 2
R check the video to see exactly how mizrachi does it .
H look at the video and see what 's going on . 15
H look at the video and see what mizrachi did . 11
H check out the video to see what mizrachi is doing . 8
R but remember that the safest way out of any mugging - if you 're not a krav maga grandmaster - is to hand over your cash .
H but remember , if you 're not a master of gamma , the safest way to get rid of a robbery is to hand over cash . 28
H but remember , if you are not master , the safest way to get out of the robbery is to hand over cash . 26
H but remember , if you 're not the master of the gamma , the safest way to get out of a robbery is to hand over the cash . 30
R family of yobs destroyed saltash , cornwall council house ahead of eviction
H a rogue family destroyed an affordable house in salta , cornwall , before being deported 19
H a rogue family destroyed a low-rent house in 康沃尔郡索尔塔什 before being expelled 20
H a family of rogue families destroyed a low-rent house in sortas , cornwall , before being deported . 22
R a family of yobs left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours .
H a rogue family , which had been evicted by intimidation of neighbours , had damaged by the destruction of the low-cost rented house before leaving , causing the loss of 50,000 pounds . 46
H a rogue family who had been expelled for intimidating his neighbour had destroyed the low-rent house in which he had lived before leaving , causing a loss of 50000 . 45
H a family of rogue families who had been evicted for threatening their neighbours had damaged their low-rent housing before leaving , costing 50000 of pounds . 37
R tanya skeldon and her partner shaun trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in saltash , cornwall , after a long list of complaints against them .
H after a long row of complaints , bobby skeldon and his husband , shaun trebilcock , were thrown out of the house in salta , cornwall . 33
H after a long list of complaints , tanya skeldon and his husband , shaun trebilcock , were driven out of a low-rent house in 康沃尔郡索尔塔什 . 38
H after a long list of complaints , tanya skeldon and her husband , shaun trebilcock , were evicted from a low-rent house in the cornish county of sortas . 39
R after they were forcibly removed from the property , shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair .
H after being forcibly removed from the house , the housing association officials were surprised to find that it was severely damaged . 28
H after being forcibly removed from the house , housing officials were surprised to find that there had been serious damage . 27
H after being forcibly removed from the residence , housing association officials were surprised to find that there had been serious damage . 28
R the walls were left with gaping holes , floorboards were ripped up , rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls .
H the walls were full of holes , the floor was torn apart , litter was a hole in the rubbish was strewn all over the floor , and the walls were littered with graffiti . 30
H there was a hole in the wall , the floor was torn , and the rubbish was thrown all over the ground , and the walls were with . 34
H the walls were full of holes , the floors torn , the rubbish strewn all over the floor , the walls smeared with clutter . 24
R the family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
H the family had been moved , and the family was said to be living in private homes 14
H after being expelled , the family has been moving , and is said to be living in a private home 17
H after being expelled , the family has been moving and is said to be living in a private house . 17
R donna mcevoy , housing manager at cornwall housing , said she feared it might be beyond saving .
H kang mcefee , the housing manager for the cornwall housing association , said she was worried that the house could not be saved . 22
H 她 housing , a housing manager at cornwall housing association , said she was worried that the house could not be saved . 19
H donna mcevoy , housing manager at cornwall county housing association , said she feared the house could not be saved . 11
R she said : 'it 's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and i do n't think people should have to live like that .
H `` it 's a nightmare for people living here , and i do n't think people can live that way , '' she said . 24
H `` it 's a nightmare for people living here , '' she said . `` i do n't think people can live like this , '' she said . 32
H `` it 's a nightmare for people living here , and i do n't think people can live like this , '' she said . 24
R there are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of cornwall .
H there are a lot of things to weigh now , because the house is likely to be a very good element in cornwall . 25
H there are many things that need to be weighed , because the house is likely to be a not element . 30
H there are a lot of things to weigh , because the house is likely to become a bad element in cornwall . 23
R this family are notorious and their name is notorious .
H the family is notorious for its name . 10
H the family is notorious , and their names are equally notorious . 10
H the family is notorious and their names are equally notorious . 9
R the couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats , intimidating nearby residents , drug use , drug dealing and excessive shouting , arguing and swearing .
H the couple , who had three sons and who would live here from time to time , said their terrorist acts included fighting in the streets , terrorizing residents , drug trafficking , shouting , shouting , arguing and cursing . 48
H the couple had three sons , who would stay here from time to time , the police said the terrorist acts of the family included fighting in the streets , threatening nearby residents , drug abuse , drug trafficking , 大喊大叫 , quarrel , and cursed . 42
H the couple had three sons who would live here from time to place . police say the terror of the family includes fighting in the streets with baseball bats , terrorizing nearby residents , drugs , drugs , shouting , arguing and swearing . 33
R skeldon , 47 , whose name was on the tenancy , was given an antisocial behaviour order in june .
H in june , the 47-year-old tenant , skeldon , received an anti-social action resolution . 29
H in june , the 47 tenant , skeldon skeldon , received a resolution on anti-social behavior . 29
H in june , the 47-year-old tenant named skeldon received a resolution on anti-social behavior . 33
R old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house , which may be demolished
H in the house that may be demolished , many rooms are a long waste of garbage 22
H in the house that is likely to be demolished , many of the rooms are a long time of garbage 28
H in a house that could be demolished , many of the rooms were garbage for a long time . 27
R floor boards had been pulled up in the property , from which drugs had been dealt in the past
H the floor was lifted in the room where the drug had been traded 22
H the floor was lifted up in the room where the drug had been traded 21
H in this room where the drugs were traded , the floors were lifted 24
R neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
H neighbors say they often see them fighting in the street and often the police 12
H neighbors said they often saw them fighting in the streets and often called the police 17
H neighbors say they often see them fighting in the streets , and they often call the police 17
R cornwall housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily .
H after giving them an extension of 11 weeks , the cumberland housing association forcibly removed her and her husband from the house after this week . 35
H the cornwall housing association forced her to remove her husband with her husband this week after the 11 extension was given to them voluntarily . 30
H after giving them a 11-week extension , the cornish housing society forced her and her husband to drive away from the house this week . 36
R the eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell .
H the neighbors , who were finally relieved , said that the previous life was a hell of a hell of a living hell before . 29
H at last , the neighbors cheered , saying that the previous life was a hell of hell . 26
H the neighbors , who finally breathed a sigh of joy , said that life had been a living hell . 20
R one said : 'they did n't care about anybody . '
H `` they do n't care about anyone , '' said a neighbor . 17
H `` they do n't care about anyone , '' said a neighbor . 17
H a neighbour said , `` they do n't care about anyone . '' 13
R we lived next to them for 20 years and it 's always been bad .
H we lived next door for 20 years , so bad . 11
H we lived next to them for 20 years , and we have been so bad . 8
H we 've lived next door to them for 20 years , and it 's been so bad . 6
R the amount of times we 've seen the police down here is unbelievable .
H we have seen the police gate on countless occasions . 15
H we 've seen the police on countless occasions . 11
H we 've seen the police countless times . 10
R 'this morning , we could n't sleep . '
H we were unable to sleep this morning . 14
H `` we ca n't sleep this morning . '' 11
H `` we could n't sleep this morning . '' 9
R we got up because it was so quiet here - we 're not used to that !
H we got up early because it was so quiet - we were n't used to it yet ! 10
H we got up early , because it was so quiet that we were not used to it ! 10
H we got up early because it was so quiet-we were n't used to it ! 9
R it 's going to be lovely now that they 're finally gone .
H it 's nice of them to finally go . 13
H they 're so good at the end . 16
H it 's very kind of them to leave at last . 17
R adam fitzpatrick , cornwall housing 's neighbourhood enforcement manager , said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority .
H the family had not been able to cooperate well with the local government , 'says adam hendrickick , a community executive manager at the cornwall housing association . 35
H adam housing , the community executive manager of the cornwall housing association , said the family was not able to cooperate with the local government . 20
H fitzpatrick , the community executive manager of the cornish housing society , said the family had failed to cooperate with the local government . 18
R the family have lived in the house for 20 years , with police regularly called to the property
H the family lived in the house for 20 years and the police often visited 12
H the family lived in the house for 20 years , and the police often visited 11
H the family lived in the house for 20 years , and the police often visited 11
R rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
H rubbish and old toys were thrown on the side of the cheap house 8
H garbage and old toys were thrown on the side of the low-rent house 12
H rubbish and old toys were tossed over the overgrown side of the low-rent house 11
R he added : 'it is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that cornwall housing considers .
H he added : `` unfortunately , the tenant did not take any responsibility for her behaviour with her family , and the eviction was the last resort of the cornwall housing association . '' 38
H he added : `` it is regrettable that the tenant did not have any responsibility for the conduct of her family , and that expulsion was the final consideration of the cornwall housing association . '' 36
H he added : `` it is regrettable that the tenant has not been held responsible for the conduct of her family and the expulsion is the last thing considered by the cornish housing association . '' 40
R this was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness .
H this is a very difficult case to deal with , because their actions are bound to horrify extremely extreme , and what they do must make the neighbors feel terrible . 37
H this is a very difficult case , because their actions are extremely extreme , and their actions must have made the neighbors feel fearful . 25
H this is a very difficult case to deal with , because their behavior is very extreme , and what they do must make the neighbors feel extremely terrified . 35
R i appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team , devon and cornwall police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information .
H i thank my team for the work i have done work i have done , and thanks to devon and the cornwall police and to the community members who bravely provide us with information . 35
H i thank my team for the work done , and i would like to thank the police and the members of the community who were brave enough to provide us with information . 33
H i am thankful for the work done by my team and thanks to the devon and cornwall police as well as the community members who are brave enough to provide us with information . 32
R i hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated .
H i hope this will bring some comfort to the neighbors and convey the message that we will not tolerate antisocial behaviour . 19
H i hope that this will bring some comfort to our neighbours and convey the message that we are not tolerant of anti-social behaviour . 23
H i hope this will bring some comfort to our neighbors and convey the message that we are not tolerant of anti-social behaviour . 26
R mr fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s .
H mr. fitzpatrick said their three sons had lived in the house at various times , but said they were in their 20s . 13
H mr. fitzpatrick said their three sons lived in the house at different times , but said they were in their 20s . 12
H mr fitzpatrick says three of their sons lived in the house at different times , but said they were only more than 20 years old . 23
R a dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
H after they were removed , a dirty mattress was thrown on the floor of one of the bedrooms 14
H after they were removed , a dirty mattress was thrown on the floor of one of the bedrooms 14
H after they were driven away , one of the bedroom floors was littered with a dirty mattress . 30
R housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
H the housing association workers will soon clean up piles of garbage around the house 16
H housing workers will soon clean up the piles of rubbish around the house 11
H housing association workers will soon be cleaning up piles of rubbish around the house 14
R in 2014 , police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales , paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash .
H in 2014 , the police searched the house , found 70 grams of marijuana , and found the scales , drug paraphernalia and £1,700 cash . 23
H in 2014 , the police searched the house , found more than 70 grams of cannabis and also found balance , drug use and 1,700 cash . 25
H in 2014 , police raided the house , found more than more than 70 grams of cannabis , and found scales , drug paraphernalia and 1,700 pounds of cash . 22
R skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a class b drug with intent to supply .
H after pleading guilty , skeldon was fined for possession of drugs and drug trafficking . 19
H after he pleaded guilty , skeldon was fined for holding b drugs and drug trafficking . 22
H after pleading guilty , skeldon was fined for possessing class b drugs and trafficking in drugs . 23
R she claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son , lee skeldon , who died in a car crash in 2013 .
H she claimed that the money was used to buy a tombstone for son lee skeldon , who died in a car accident in 2013 . 12
H she claims that the money was used to buy a tombstone for his son , lee skeldon , who died in a car accident in 2013 . 14
H she claims that the money was used to buy gravestones for the son lee skeldon , who died in a car accident in 2013 . 16
R after being made homeless , it is understood that tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in plymouth .
H it is understood that after the homeless , shin and her husband now live in a private house in plymouth . 19
H it is understood that , after homelessness , tanya and his husband are now living in a private house in plymouth . 16
H it is understood that after homeless , tanya and her husband now live in a private house in plymouth . 16
R the walls of many of the house 's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them .
H the walls of the house were painted with graffiti . 12
H the house was filled with graffiti on the walls of the house . 17
H the walls of the house were painted with graffiti . 12
R police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
H police said they would expel tenants who defied the tenant tenants ' rules . 17
H police say they will expel tenants who disobey the tenants ' rules . 12
H police said they would expel tenants who defied tenant rules . 16
R angela crow , of devon and cornwall police , said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules .
H devon , in devon and cornwall police department , said the expulsion gave a clear warning to tenants who continued to defy the tenants ' rules . 17
H angela and cornwall crow , of the cornwall police station , said the expulsion sent a clear warning to other tenants who continued to defy the tenants ' rules . 14
H angela crow , of devon and the cornish police department , said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continued to defy tenant rules . 10
R 'this sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination , as well as those blighted by such behaviour , ' she said .
H `` this warning is aimed at those who believe that their actions will not be blamed and those who have been tortured by such acts , and those who have been tortured by such acts , '' she said . 44
H `` this warning is directed at those who believe that their actions are not charged , and those who have been devastated by such acts , '' she said . 34
H `` the warning is for people who think their actions are not being blamed , and those who have been devastated by this behavior , '' she said . 41
R criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by devon and cornwall police , who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities .
H devon and cornwall police will not tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour , and will continue to work together to protect our communities with partners . 25
H devon and cornwall do not tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour , and they will continue to work together to protect our communities . 25
H devon and cornwall police will never tolerate crime and anti-social behaviour , and they 'll continue to work with partners to protect our communities . 24
R reid says clinton will stick with garland as supreme court nominee if elected
H reid : hillary clinton will nominate garland to the supreme court 12
H reed : hillary clinton , if elected president , will nominate garland to the supreme court 19
H reid : hillarijo elected president will nominate garland to the supreme court 15
R senate democratic leader harry reid says he is convinced that democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton will nominate judge merrick garland to the supreme court if she is elected president .
H harry reid , the senate democratic leader , said he was convinced that if democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton is elected president , she would nominate judge garrick garland to the supreme court . 26
H senator harry reid , the democratic leader of the senate , said he was sure that if the democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton was elected president , she would nominate judge garland to enter the supreme court . 34
H harry reid , the senate democratic leader , said he was confident that if hillary clinton , the democratic presidential candidate , was elected president , she would nominate garland ( merrick garland ) to the supreme court . 37
R senate republicans have blocked garland 's confirmation since president barack obama nominated him in march .
H the senate republicans have blocked the confirmation of garland since president barack obama 's nomination in march . 12
H senate republicans have been stopping the confirmation of garland since barack obama 's president , barack obama , nominated garland in march . 15
H senate republicans have blocked confirmation of garland since president barack obama nominated garland in march . 7
R senate majority leader mitch mcconnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late supreme court justice antonin scalia .
H senate majority leader mitch mcconnell says the next president will choose to replace the late supreme court justice antonin scalia . 3
H senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said the next president would choose that person to replace the late supreme court judge scalia scalia . 11
H senate majority leader mcconnell mitch mcconnell said the next president will choose this person to replace the late supreme court judge scalia ( antonin scalia ) . 11
R reid said on a conference call thursday that he is predicting clinton will pick garland `` with some degree of credibility . ''
H in a conference call thursday , reed said he predicted that clinton would choose to `` have some credibility '' garrande . 25
H reed said in a conference call on thursday that he predicted that hillary clinton would choose `` some credibility . '' 18
H reid said in a conference call in thursday that he predicted hillary would choose `` some credibility '' garland . 19
R a spokeswoman for reid later said he had not spoken to clinton directly about whether she would nominate garland and was speculating .
H a spokeswoman for reed later said that reid did not ask for a direct dialogue with hillary clinton and said he was just guessing . 28
H a spokeswoman for reed then said that reed did not have a direct conversation with hillary about whether to nominate garland , and said he was just guessing . 28
H a spokeswoman for reed said later that reed did not talk directly to hillary about whether he would nominate garland and said he was just guessing . 22
R he praised garland and said clinton 's team would not want to `` rock the boat '' with a new pick .
H he heaped praise on garland and said that clinton 's team did not want to `` churn out '' the new candidate . 17
H he praised garland and said that hillary 's team did not want to be `` spoiler '' for the new candidate . 16
H he praised rand and said hillary 's team did not want to `` disrupt '' the new candidate . 15
R garland is the chief judge for the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit .
H garland is the chief justice of the federal circuit court of appeals for the district of columbia . 11
H garland is the chief justice of the federal circuit court of appeal of the united states district of columbia . 17
H garland is the chief judge of the united states columbia , dist . of federal circuit appeals court . 20
R reid said republicans who are blocking garland 's nomination are `` minions '' and `` enablers '' of republican presidential candidate donald trump .
H reid said that the republicans who stopped garland were the `` favourites '' and `` achievers '' , was the `` favourites '' and `` achievers '' of republican presidential candidate donald trump . 27
H reed said the republicans who had stopped garland 's nomination were the `` courtier '' and `` achievers '' of the republican presidential candidate donald trump . 15
H mr. reid said the republicans who blocked the nomination of garland were the `` doting '' and `` achievers '' of the republican presidential candidate , donald trump . 21
R he said trump is unfit for office .
H he said trump was not fit to be president . 10
H he says trump is not fit to be a president . 11
H he said that trump was not fit to be president . 11
R treats says nude calendar for 'women , as well as men '
H treats : the naked calendar loves both men and women love calendars 19
H treats 》 : the naked calendar `` men and females love '' 19
H `` treats '' : nude calendar `` men and women alike '' 19
R treats magazine is partnering with photographer david bellemere to launch a 1970s ' pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017 .
H the `` treats '' magazine will join photographer david bellemere to take a set of inspiration from the 2017 calendar of pirelli in the 1970s . 30
H the treats magazine will take a set of inspiration from the 2017 calendar of the 70 in the 1970s . 30
H treats magazine will join hands with photographer david bellemere in a 2017-year calendar of inspiration from the in the 1970 of the 20th century pirelli . 28
R but instead of famous naked people , they 're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 nu muses calendar .
H this time , they plan to look for a new generation of top models for their 2017 nu maze calendar , rather than the famous nudist . 28
H this time , they plan to find a new generation of top models for their 2017 calendar , rather than the famous nude . 25
H this time , they plan to find a new generation of top models for their 2017 nu muses calendar , rather than a famous nude . 23
R treats president steve shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school playboys because `` playboy is for men . ''
H steve shaw , president of treats , said earlier this year that their predominantly nude magazines were different from the old-school playboy magazine , because `` the latter face men . '' 31
H steveshaw president , president of treats , said earlier this year that their naked magazine is different from the old-fashioned playboy , because `` the latter are for men . '' 32
H steve shaw , president of treats , said earlier this year that their nude magazines differed from the old-fashioned playboy , because `` the latter is for men . '' 27
R i do this for women .
H and we are facing women . 8
H and we are looking for women . 7
H and we face women . 7
R apparently he thinks the calendar is , too .
H apparently , he thinks this is the same . 8
H clearly , he thinks the same calendar is the same . 8
H obviously , he thinks this group of calendars is the same . 13
R `` we need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women , as well as men , feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body , '' shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar .
H `` we need to show the timeless and classic nudity that makes women and men feel comfortable , '' shaw said in a calendar presentation . 29
H `` we need to show the timeless and classic nudity that makes women and men feel comfortable , and this is inspired by this time , '' shaw said at a calendar presentation . 33
H `` we need to show the timeless , classic nudity that makes both women and men feel comfortable , and this is the inspiration , '' shaw told a calendar presentation . 37
R women will want to be a part of this project because it 's a beautiful piece of art .
H women will be happy to take part in the shooting because it is a beautiful art . 17
H women will be happy to take part in the filming because it is a beautiful art . 17
H women will be happy to participate in this shoot because it is a beautiful artwork . 18
R models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in los angeles and new york .
H models can submit photographs online , and may personally apply for public recruitment sites in los angeles and new york . 18
H models can be presented online for photo applications , as well as public recruitment for public recruitment in los angeles and new york . 23
H models can submit photos online and apply for public recruitment to los angeles and new york in person . 18
R greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal - video report
H video reports show that small head sleeping sharks are the longest-lived vertebrates 21
H video sleep is vertebrates 13
H the video report shows that the sleeping shark is the longest-lived vertebrate . 16
R scientists say the greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet .
H scientists say small head sleeping shark is the longest surviving vertebrate on earth . 14
H scientists say the small shark ( greenland ) is the longest life of the planet . 12
H the greenland shark is the longest-lived vertebrate on earth , scientists say . 15
R julius nielsen , who has been studying the sharks , says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
H according to the shark nielsen , who has been studying sharks , a female head of the shark is expected to be between 272 and 512 years of age and five metres in length . 22
H shark nielsen , who has been studying sharks , says the age of a female small is expected to be between 272 and 512 years of age , with a length of five metres . 26
H julius nielsen , who has been studying sharks , says the age of a female head sleeper is estimated to be between 272 and 512 years , up to five metres . 21
R french court rejects bid to demolish shops at jungle refugee camp
H the french court rejected the petition to dismantle the shop in the jungle camp 15
H the french court dismissed the petition for the demolition of shops in the jungle camps 18
H french court rejects petition to dismantle shops in jungle camps 9
R a french court has rejected a bid by calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living .
H a french court has rejected a petition by the ghanaian government to dismantle dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the `` jungle '' refugee camp , where thousands of refugees are currently living . 16
H a french court rejected a petition by the government of calais to dismantle dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the `` camp , which currently lives in thousands of refugees . 20
H a courts in france have rejected a petition by the government of calais to dismantle dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp , where thousands of refugees currently reside . 20
R at a court hearing this week , calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods , from cigarettes to energy drinks , offer haircuts , or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants .
H at this week 's hearing in the court , the gale government argued that the french government should have the right to demolish the 72 temporary shops in the camp , where they sold goods , cut their hair , and sell basic meals at a cost of 50 cents a price of 50 cents ( 40 pence ) in a makeshift restaurant . 81
H at the court 's hearing this week , the government of calais argued that the french government should have the power to dismantle a total of 72 makeshift shops in the camp . people in the camps sell goods from cigarettes to energy drinks , provide hairdressing services , sell tea at 50 cents ( 40 ) in makeshift restaurants or sell basic meals at a price of a few euros . 53
H at the court hearings this week , the government argued that the french government should have the right to dismantle a total of 72 makeshift shops in the camp . people in these stores in the camps sell goods ranging from cigarettes to energy drinks , offer haircuts , and sell tea at 50 cents ( 40 pence ) in makeshift restaurants or selling basic meals at several euros . 54
R the calais prefect 's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax , and because they carried fire and sanitation risks .
H the governor 's office believes that these places should be dismantled , as they are parallel economies that do not pay taxes , and there are fires and health hazards . 33
H the office of the governor of calais believes that these places should be dismantled because they are not parallel economies , as well as fire and health hazards . 36
H the office of the district of calais believes these places should be dismantled because they are parallel economies that do not pay taxes , as well as fire and health hazards . 33
R humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital , saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp .
H humanitarian groups have shown the importance of these shops and restaurants are critical , to the courts as the free food provided by the state-supported associations and other groups simply can not meet the growing refugee needs of the camp . 41
H the humanitarian community has stated to the court that these shops and restaurants are extremely important , as the free food provided by national associations and other groups is simply unable to meet the needs of the growing refugees in the camp . 47
H humanitarian groups have indicated to the court that these shops and restaurants are of paramount importance , as the free food provided by state-backed associations and other groups simply can not meet the needs of the growing refugee population in the camp . 39
R they argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need .
H these makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food for needy people , they say . 18
H they say these makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food for those in need . 10
H these makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelters and free food for those in need , they say . 15
R a lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops , but said the calais prefect 's concerns `` were totally understandable . ''
H a court ruled that there was no legal basis to evict the operators of the 72 temporary stores , but said the governor 's concerns were `` totally understandable . '' 19
H a court in lille ruled that there was no legal basis to expel the operator of the 72 temporary shops , but said the concerns of the governor of calais were `` completely understandable . '' 27
H a court in lille ruled that there was no legal basis to expel the operators of the 72 temporary shops , but said the concerns of the governor of calais were `` perfectly understandable '' . 29
R the judge , jean-françois molla , said the groceries , cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that `` live in extremely precarious conditions . ''
H judge jean-françois morrow said the role of these grocery stores , cafes and restaurants was more than simply providing food to refugees `` living in extremely precarious conditions . '' 27
H the role of these grocery stores , cafes and restaurants is far more than simply providing food to refugees who live in extremely dangerous conditions . 37
H jean fran c ois molla said the role of these grocery stores , cafes and restaurants is far more than simply providing food for refugees who `` live in extremely dangerous conditions '' . 35
R he said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers .
H these places , he said , were a peaceful convergence between refugees and volunteers . 14
H he said these places were a calm point of convergence between refugees and volunteers . 12
H these places , he says , are a calming point of convergence between refugees and volunteers . 18
R one of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp 's jungle book kids '' cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day , english and french classes , and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp .
H one of the areas where the threat was removed was the `` junswaleigh '' café in the camp , which provided 200 food , english and french lessons every day and offered asylum advice to hundreds of unaccompanied minors in the camp . 51
H one of the threats to be demolished was the `` jungle book kids '' cafe in the camp , which provided 200 food , english and french classes per day , and offered shelter advice to hundreds of unaccompanied and vulnerable minors in the camp . 46
H one of the threats to demolition was the `` jungle book kids '' café in the camp , which offered 200 servings of food , english and french lessons each day , as well as advice on asylum for hundreds of of the most vulnerable minors in the refugee camp . 53
R more than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids '' cafe .
H more than 170,000 people signed a petition to protect the café . 6
H more than 170,000 people signed a petition to protect the cafe . 4
H more than more than 170,000 people have signed petitions to protect the café . 10
R a letter sent to the guardian said its closure `` would be a catastrophe for these children , some of whom are as young as eight . ''
H a letter to the guardian wrote that closing the cafe `` would be a major disaster for the children , many of them children only eight years . '' 25
H in a letter to the guardian , closing the cafe `` will be a great disaster for these children ( a lot of children are only eight years old ) . '' 28
H closing the café `` will be a catastrophe for these children ( many children are only eight years old ) , '' wrote a letter to the guardian guardian . 36
R two charities , help refugees and l'auberge des migrants , on friday estimated that numbers in the jungle camp have risen to over 9,000 people - the highest ever - after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer .
H the two charity groups are expected to surpass 9,000 refugees on friday that the number of , the highest level since the spike in the number of refugees in jungle camps had the number of summer refugees . 56
H the two charities , help refugees and l'auberge des , predicted friday that the number of refugees in the jungle camps has exceeded 9,000 , the highest level since the surge in the number of refugees in summer . 37
H help refugees and leauberge des migrants , the two charitable organizations , predicted in friday that the number of refugees in the jungle camps had exceeded 9000 , the highest level since the summer refugee population surged . 48
R `` this 5,000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money . ''
H `` the $ 5,000 , and i 'm going , and i 'm going to ask for help me get my burns solved . '' 34
H `` this five thousand dollars is a solution to my immediate need . '' 21
H `` the 5000-dollar subsidy has solved my immediate urgency . '' 18
R zhou fen , a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of mipo village , changle town , huayuan county , received the letter of admission from university of south china .
H the impoverished village of the establishment of the huayaki county changjiu township village village village village village , a poor resident , has received the nan nan admission letter . 47
H poverty girls , a poor 建档立卡户 girl in the village of 米迫 , changle county , received a letter of admission to the university of south china . 25
H huayuan county changle township rice forced village poor construction stall girl zhou fen received a notice of admission to nanhua university . 43
R when she was worried about the tuition , the county committee of the communist youth league offered she a 5000-yuan subsidy on august 9 .
H just as she was worried about the admission fee , on august 9 , the county council gave her $ 5,000 in time . 33
H as she worried about the cost of school enrolment , on august 9 , the mission party county gave her a $ 5,000 grant . 36
H just as she was worried about the cost of admission , august 9 , the group of the county party to give her a timely implementation of the 5000-yuan subsidy . 30
R recently , the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2.838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students .
H in recent days , the county authorities have also implemented 283.8 million dollars in funding for more than 6.9 poor college students . 37
H for several days , the district departments have also implemented 283.8 million yuan in school funding for more than 690 poor students . 35
H in recent days , the county departments also for more than more than 690 poor university students to implement the 2.838 million yuan schooling funding . 36
R it also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study .
H at the same time , the family economic situation is particularly difficult , also through the organization of social endowment and other forms to help them complete their education . 39
H at the same time , the economic situation of the family is particularly difficult , and helps them to complete their studies , including through the organization of social donations . 48
H at the same time , the family economic situation is particularly difficult , but also through the organization of social donations to help students to complete their studies . 40
R this year , huayuan county integrated more than rmb 18.5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than rmb 2.5 million , which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students .
H this year 's integration of student funds to the 1850 million yuan , financial self-financing more than of hong kong spends more than $ 2.5 million yuan , by the financial department to break into poor students real card card . 58
H this year , more than $ 18.5 million has been consolidated , with a fiscal self-financing of more than $ 2.5 million , with the financial sector to enter the real name card of poor students in accordance with the prescribed time frame . 46
H huayuan this year , the integration of student funds more than 18.5 million yuan , the financial self-financing more than 2.5 million yuan , by the financial sector in accordance with the prescribed time limit into the poor students real-name bank card . 45
R `` i thought my elder brother and i can not afford the college study after my father passed away . it never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely . '' she said gratefully .
H `` i thought my father died , and my brother and i could n't go to college , '' she said gratefully . 38
H she said with gratitude : `` i thought my father died , and my brother and i had no university , and did not think that the county had solved the difficulties in time for us . '' 51
H she said gratefully : `` i thought my father died , my brother and i could not be university , did not expect the county in time for us to solve the difficulties . '' 48
R as of august 8 , huayuan county had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13,140 poverty-stricken students .
H as of august 8 , the pagoda has implemented 1,140 million yuan ( by 13140 poor students in the first half of the year with a $ 21 million yuan . 42
H as of 8 august , 花垣 had implemented more than $ 21 million for the first half of this year for 13140 poor students . 26
H as of august 8 , huayuan has implemented the first half of this year a variety of rescue funds for 13,140 poor students more than 21 million yuan . 32
R all poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially .
H all of the county poor students in this county have been assisted by the help and tonic . 21
H all the poor students in the county have achieved the help and the supplement . 20
H all the impoverished students in the county have realized the support and complement . 19
R according to the reporter on the scene , a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman . its container box fell down onto the green road , making a 2 cm deep pit on the road .
H reporter at the scene , a large truck car head in the traffic police under the direction of the road , the container case fell to green road , the roadside was smashed a 2-cm deep pit . 43
H on the scene , the reporter saw a large container car moving under the direction of the police , the container box fell on the green road , and a 2 pit was smashed by the roadside . 41
H the reporter saw at the scene , a large container truck front in the traffic police under the direction of the fast lane , the container dropped in green road , roadside was smashed a 2 cm deep pits . 41
R according to the xinhua news agency , australia 's new south wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million australian dollars ( about 154 million us dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous sydney opera house since its establishment .
H australia 's new south wales government announced on friday that it would spend a million australian dollars ( $ 154 million ) on the biggest overhaul since construction construction of the famous sydney opera house , xinhua said . 38
H the government of new south wales , australia , announced on 11 november that it will spend $ 200 million ( $ 154 million ) to the largest repair since the famous sydney opera house . 40
H the australian new south wales , state of government announced 11th that it would spend a $ 200 million ( $ 154 million ) on the largest renovation since the famous sydney opera house was built , xinhua news agency said . 46
R the new south wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house .
H the new south wales government says the repair will not change the shape of the opera 's shell . 11
H the new south wales government said the renovation would not change the opera shape of the opera house . 2
H the new south wales , state of government said the repairs would not alter the shell shape of the opera house . 7
R the sydney opera house is one of sydney 's landmark buildings , designed by danish architect jorn utzon and built in 1973. it welcomes about 8 million visitors each year .
H the sydney opera house , one of sydney 's landmarks , is designed by danish architect sean utzson , who was built in 1973 to receive about 8 million visitors each year . 19
H the sydney opera house is one of the landmark buildings in sydney , designed by danish architect bjorn utzon , which was built in 1973 and receives about 8 million visitors per year . 19
H the sydney opera house is one of sydney 's landmark buildings , designed by danish architect jon utson , completed in 1973 and receives about 8 million visitors each year . 13
R rory jeffes , general manager of the sydney symphony orchestra , believes that the sydney opera house will make a `` turnaround '' via this renovation and become one of the world 's concerts with the best sound effects .
H the sydney opera house , the general manager of the sydney symphony orchestra , believes the sydney opera house will `` turn over a somersault '' to become `` one of the world 's best music concert halls . '' 32
H rory jeffs , managing director of the sydney symphony orchestra , believes the sydney opera house will make a `` over battle '' to become `` one of the best sound music halls in the world . '' 31
H sydney symphony orchestra general manager rory jaffes believes that the sydney opera house will use this transformation to play a `` turnaround '' , become `` the world 's best acoustics one of the concert hall . '' 40
R non-permanent residents who have lived in beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in beijing can apply for a residence permit .
H the non-capital citizens who have been living in beijing for more than six months and are eligible for legal stable employment , legal stable accommodation , and one of the following conditions are eligible to apply for a residence permit . 36
H 非京籍 citizens who have lived in beijing for more than six months and in accordance with the conditions of legal and stable employment , legitimate stable residence and continuous learning in beijing may apply for a residence permit . 32
H non-beijing citizens who have resided in beijing for more than 6 months and are in compliance with the lawful and stable employment , lawful and stable residence in beijing may apply for a residence permit . 33
R recently , the launch of implementation details of `` residence permit provisional regulations '' indicates that the `` temporary residence permit '' will be upgraded to `` residence permit '' .
H in recent days , the introduction of the rules of the beijing residence permit act meant that `` temporary residence '' would be upgraded to a `` residence permit . '' 28
H recently , the regulations on the temporary regulations on residence permit in beijing have been introduced , which means that `` temporary residence permits '' will be upgraded to `` residence permits . '' 33
H recently , the beijing `` residence permit interim '' implementation of the rules , which means that `` temporary residence permit '' will be upgraded to `` residence permit . '' 20
R a responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the `` temporary residence permit '' to `` residence permit '' means that beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the `` management '' to multi-directional services .
H the head of the relevant department said that the shift from `` temporary residence '' to `` residency permits '' meant that beijing 's permanent resident population will switch from `` management '' to multi-location services , according to the head of the relevant department . 41
H the change from `` temporary residence permits '' to `` residence permits '' means that beijing will shift from `` management '' to a more service . 31
H related department head said , from `` temporary residence permit '' to `` residence permit '' change , means beijing to non-beijing permanent population will shift from `` management '' to multi-directional service . 30
R today , a reporter learned from the state administration of taxation ( sat ) that as of the end of june this year , the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2,470 illegal `` blacklist '' cases .
H at the end of june , the tax authorities at all levels have published 2,470 illegal `` blacklist '' cases of the state administration of taxation learned that at the tax illegal `` blacklist '' , according to the state administration of taxation . 50
H the reporter learned today from the state administration of taxation that , by the end of june this year , the tax authorities at all levels had published 2470 cases of `` blacklist '' cases . 24
H reporter today from the state administration of taxation , as at the end of june this year , tax authorities at all levels have published the tax illegal `` blacklist '' case 2,470 . 28
R it is understood that in july 2014 , sat took the first step in the central government departments to issue an information disclosure methods for major tax violations along with the tax credit management approach .
H it is understood that , in july 2014 , the state administration of taxation , with a step forward in the central government service , was jointly released with the tax credit management scheme to publish the information archive for major tax cases on the issue of the major tax violations . 44
H it is understood that , in july 2014 , the state administration of taxation took the first step in the central government function , in conjunction with the tax credit management scheme , in conjunction with the tax credit management scheme . 32
H it is understood that in july 2014 , the state administration of taxation in the central government functional departments in advance , and the `` tax credit management measures '' jointly issued the `` major tax cases information disclosure measures . '' 44
R in addition to the illegal facts , legal basis , the handling and punishment of these cases , the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the `` blacklist '' exposure .
H not only the illegal facts , legal grounds , the treatment of penalties will be published , and the basic information of the offending party and those responsible agent will also responsible for the relevant intermediary are also exposed to the `` the '' blacklist. `` 45
H not only the violations of these cases , legal basis , handling of penalties will be published , and the basic information of the parties in violation of the law , as well as those responsible for the relevant intermediaries , will also be included in the `` black list . '' 43
H not only these cases of illegal facts , legal basis , the treatment of punishment will be published , and the basic information of the parties to the law and the relevant intermediary agencies responsible person will also be included in the `` blacklist '' exposure . 30
R quality inspection , treasury , customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the `` blacklist '' parties .
H government departments such as quality control , finance and customs have also taken disciplinary measures against the `` blacklist '' parties . 18
H government departments such as quality control , finance and customs have also taken relevant disciplinary measures to the `` black list '' parties . 22
H quality inspection , finance , customs and other government departments have also taken relevant disciplinary measures against the `` blacklist '' parties . 5
R `` the credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society , which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature . ''
H `` the credit repair mechanism is an important milestone for the construction of tax credit system and the construction of the entire social credit system , marking the development of our social credit system , which marks the development of our country 's social credit system and is growing mature . '' 34
H `` credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of tax credit system and the construction of social credit system . 23
H `` credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of tax credit system and even the whole society credit system , which marks the development and perfection of our social credit system . '' 21
R `` environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere , water and soil pollution , but the root still lies in the mode of production and living . ''
H `` environmental problems are manifested in the atmosphere , water and soil pollution , but the roots are still in the way of production mode . '' 13
H `` environmental problems are in the atmosphere , water , soil pollution , but the roots are still in the way of life . '' 15
H `` environmental problems are manifested in the atmosphere , water , soil pollution , but the root is still in the production lifestyle . '' 13
R for example , the land development ratio of jiangsu province was up to 21 % in 2015 , ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of china .
H for example , in the province of jiangsu province in 2015 , it was 21 per cent , the highest in the country and the region . 32
H for example , land development in jiangsu province is up to 21 % in 2015 , the highest in the national provinces and autonomous regions . 17
H for example , 2015 , jiangsu province , land development rate of up to 21 % , ranked highest in the national provinces and autonomous regions . 24
R therefore , the problem of high pollution , heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles .
H as a result , the problem of high pollution , large energy and a lot of land multi-footprint has not been changed fundamentally from a lifestyle shift . 28
H as a result , the problem of high pollution , high energy , and more has not been fundamentally addressed from the transformation of the production lifestyle . 18
H as a result , the problem of high pollution , large energy and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production lifestyles . 11
R on the one hand , jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes . but on the other hand , the resource and environment pressure is heavy .
H on the one hand , from jiangsu province 's various levels of ecological creation , the first place to dominate the country , but on the other hand , the resource environment is heavily stressed is under pressure . 43
H on the one hand , it is the first place in the country to be the first place in the country from all kinds of ecological environment in jiangsu province ; but on the other hand , the resource environment is carrying heavy pressure . 36
H on the one hand , from all kinds of ecological environment in jiangsu province to create results , the absolute advantage ranked first in the country , but on the other hand , the resource environment carrying pressure . 40
R to solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance , we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people 's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction .
H to advance the ecological environment and governance , we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of the production lifestyle change , to promote the transition of ecological civilization . 21
H to advance the conservation and governance of ecological environment , it is necessary to promote the transformation of the productive life style , and the construction of ecological civilization for the transformation of people 's livelihood . 38
H to promote eco-environmental protection and governance , we need to radically promote the transformation of the production life style and promote the transformation of the ecological civilization . 22
R on the 11th day of the month , 42 wind turbine blades produced by guodian group was prepared to be shipped and exported to south africa from the wharf of lianyungang port .
H on november 11 , at the port liyunport harbour , by the national electric group production of 42 blades of wind boats ready to export south africa . 43
H on 11 days , at lianyungang dock , 42 片 of wind power produced by the guodian group were ready for export to south africa . 35
H 11th , at lianyungang port pier , the 42-piece wind turbine blades produced by guodian group were shipped for export to south africa . 29
R since last year , guodian group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from lianyungang port to south africa .
H since last year , a total of 163 wind power projects have been exported from port dalian to south africa . 11
H since last year , the guodian group has a total of 163 wind power projects to export south africa from lianyungang . 10
H since last year , the guodian group has 163 sets of wind power projects exported to south africa in succession from lianyungang port . 14
R the third party company ( non-chinese company ) commissioned by the olympic organizing committee is located in the sao paulo state , brazil , about 75 kilometers away from the city of sao paulo .
H a third-party company ( non-chinese company ) commissioned by the organizing committee commissioned by the organizers of the organizing committee ( non-chinese company ) is located in são paulo , brazil , about 75 kilometers away from st. paul . 30
H a third party company commissioned by the organizing committee to make the flag is in são paulo , brazil , about 75 kilometres from the city of são paulo . 23
H the third-party company entrusted with the production of the national flag ( non-chinese company ) is about 75 km from los palos in sao paulo , brazil . 35
R to urge the manufacturers to finish the production asap , the chinese consulate general in sao paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work .
H to ensure the completion of the manufacturers as soon as possible , the chinese consulate general in sao paulo , the chinese consulate general in sao paulo to go to the factory and do work . 35
H to urge the factory to complete the work as soon as possible , the chinese consulate general in são paulo organized a person to the factory to work in depth . 28
H in order to urge manufacturers to complete as soon as possible , the chinese consulate-general in sao paulo to the factory , in-depth work . 22
R after overtime work of 30 hours , the manufacturer finally completed the chinese flag production and loaded for transportation . the task was finished 4-5 working days in advance .
H after 30 hours of working overtime , the manufacturer finally completed the production and loading of the chinese flag , which would have required four to five working days ahead of schedule . 35
H after 30 hours of overtime , the factory finally completed the chinese flag production and loading the 赴运 to complete the task of 4 to 5 working days . 23
H after 30 hours of overtime , the factory finally completed the chinese national flag production and loading to transport , the original 4-5-day task will be completed in advance . 28
R it is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in rio on the 11th . then the olympic organizing committee will send the flags to various olympic venues after receiving the flag . the whole process will be under the supervision of the chinese embassy in brazil .
H the national flag is expected to arrive in rio on november 11 , and the organizers will receive the flag to various olympic venues , which will be carried out under the supervision of the chinese consulate in brazil . 39
H it is reported that the flag is expected to arrive in rio on 11 november , and it will be sent to the olympic venues after receiving the flag , and the process will be completed under the supervision of the chinese embassy and consulate in brazil . 31
H it is reported that the national flag is expected to arrive in rio on 11th , and the olympic games will be sent to all venues after the national flag , the whole process will be under the supervision of the chinese embassy in brazil to complete . 27
R ( this newspaper ) on the 10th day of the month , the nantong municipal government held a series of cooperation activities at the shanghai international convention center . more than 180 shanghai enterprises were invited to participate . more than 20 hu-tong industry docking projects worth at least rmb 100 million saw on-site signing .
H on this day , the city of south tong city council held the shanghai international conference centre at the shanghai international conference centre in shanghai , with more than 180 shanghai enterprises invited to participate , more than 20 billion shanghai industrial docking project . 61
H at the shanghai international conference center , the municipal municipal government organized the hutong industry cooperation 恳谈 , and more than 180 shanghai enterprises were invited to participate in the project site of 20 billion yuan and more . 65
H 10th , nantong government in shanghai international conference center to hold the shanghai tong industrial cooperation , more than more than 180 shanghai enterprises invited to participate , more than 2 billion yuan shanghai tong industrial docking project signing . 58
R the 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of rmb 8.063 billion , involving new energy , new materials , modern services and other industries .
H a total of $ 80.63 billion is invested in the 20 projects that have been contracted , including new energy , new materials , and modern services . 30
H the total of 20 projects , which have been signed , has invested 80.63 billion yuan , involving new sources of energy , new materials , modern services , and other industries . 25
H the total investment of the 20 projects signed by the company is 8.063 billion yuan , involving many industries such as new energy , materials and modern service industries . 28
R qingdao is china 's 12th and also shandong 's first trial city to use and trade emissions .
H qingdao is the nation 's 12th and also shandong province first discharge right use in shandong province to have paid use and trading pilot cities for the first time . 25
H qingdao is the twelfth and the first pilot city in shandong province . 21
H qingdao is the 12th country in shandong province is also the first to discharge the right to use and trade pilot city . 23
R on the 11th day of the month , many companies came to the qingdao municipal emissions trading center to submit emissions subscription . after acceptance , they shall pay fees .
H on the right to discharge 11 days , a number of enterprises come to the city of qinghai city drainage rights trading center to submit the right to apply the right to discharge , after the purchase will pay royalties . 48
H on 11 november , a number of enterprises came to qingdao emission trading center to submit the emission of emission rights , and the application for payment of the payment fee . 41
H 11th , a number of enterprises respectively came to qingdao emissions trading center to submit the right to apply for discharge , the purchase will be paid after the payment of fees . 38
R the upcoming first single transaction also indicates that qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off . it will also be the first emissions trading in shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in china .
H the completion of the deal also heralds the official start of the trading spot for qingdao emission trading trial , which will also be the first to be on the first list of the municipal discharge rights and the country 's municipal discharge rights . 59
H the upcoming transaction quantity also indicate the launch of the qingdao emission trading pilot , which will also be the province 's emission trading quantity and the national sub-city emission trading quantity . 39
H this will be completed the first single transaction is also indicative of qingdao emissions trading pilot work officially kicked off , which would also be the first single emissions trading in the province and the national city-level emissions trading first . 26
R in the morning of 11th day of the month , zhao xiuping , the general manager of qingdao shuangtao fine chemical ( group ) co. , ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription .
H on the morning of 11 a.m. , zhao xiapping , general manager of the fine chemical and fine chemical industry ( group ) of qingdao , came to the city of qinghai at the hong kong city settlement trading centre to the city of qinghai to submit a claim for emission rights . 51
H on the morning of 11 th morning , zhao 秀平 , general manager of fine chemical co. ltd. , qingdao , came to qingdao emission trading center to submit the requisition . 29
H 11th morning , qingdao double peach fine chemicals ( group ) co. , ltd. general manager zhooping came to the qingdao emission trading center to submit the right to discharge the purchase . 34
R its plant in the old urban area of qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in pingdu due to environmental reason .
H the factory located in the old city of qingdao at the end of last year fully shut down , environmental relocation to the new factory . 36
H the company is located in the old city of qingdao in the end of last year completely cut off , environmentally friendly relocation to the new plant in roughness . 36
H the company is located in the old city of qingdao factory last year , the end of a full-scale shutdown , environmental relocation to the pingdu of the plant . 38
R after zhao xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report , etc. , qingdao municipal emissions reserve and trading service center began to review the application materials .
H when zhao xiapping submitted the application form for reservation and trading began a preliminary trial of the application materials for the first trial of the application for the application and the environmental impact report on project editions , qingdao city settlement center environmental impact of the construction project , after which . 55
H after the submission of the application form , the construction project environmental impact report , and other materials , the qingdao emission reserve and trading service center began the first instance of the application . 24
H zhooping submitted the application form , the construction project environmental impact report , and other materials , qingdao emission rights reserve and transaction service center began to the application material first . 21
R according to the collection standard determined by qingdao price bureau and financial sector , the estimated initial emission fee is about 641,200 yuan . the working staff will finish review within 7 working days .
H according to the standards set by the department of green island and the financial sector , the initial estimate is about $ 64.12 million and the staff will be approved within seven working days . 34
H according to the standards established by the qingdao price and finance sectors , the initial estimated initial emission rate is about $ 64.12 million , and the staff will complete the approval within seven working days . 32
H according to the qingdao city price , finance and other departments to determine the collection standards , the current estimated initial sewage right to use about 641,200 yuan , staff will be within 7 working days to complete the approval . 36
R the upcoming first single transaction also indicates that qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off . it will also be the first emissions trading in shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in china .
H the completion of the deal will also mark the beginning of the opening ceremony of the qingdao emission trading commission , the first and first list of the country 's municipal discharge rights 's right to trade first and foremost cities . 62
H the upcoming transaction quantity also indicate the launch of the qingdao emission trading pilot , and will be the province 's emission trading quantity and the national sub-city emission trading quantity . 41
H this will be completed the first single transaction is also indicative of qingdao emissions trading pilot work officially kicked off , will also be the province 's emissions trading first single and national city-level emissions trading first . 31
R according to zhao xiuping , up to rmb 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection . such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management .
H according to zhao xiping said that the current enterprise environmental protection has invested more than 400 million dollars up to four billion , the surface is huge , but the management philosophy and social benefits have a great impact on enterprise innovation management . 51
H according to zhao 秀平 , the company has invested up to four billion in environmental protection , but it is large , but it has a great influence on the concept of business management and social benefits , and has opened up space for enterprise innovation management . 39
H zhooping said that the current enterprise environmental protection has been invested up to 400 million , the surface amount is huge , but the enterprise management philosophy , social benefits have a great impact on enterprise innovation management also opened up space . 56
R on the same day , qingdao sf-xc-zz coach component co. , ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4,200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and crh .
H on the same day , qingdao quartet xinxin bus accessories co-zhanjiang car accessories limited also came to the annual production of 4200 new high-speed rail and motor accessories for the of the . 46
H on the same day , qingdao quartet passenger accessories co. ltd. also requisitioning limited high-speed five project . 37
H the same day , qingdao sifang xin zhi zhuo passenger car parts co. , ltd. also to the annual output of 4,200 pieces of high-speed rail and emu interior accessories project requisition pollution rights . 36
R the project is a mechanical processing enterprise . its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( cod ) and ammonia ( nox ) are 0.514 tons/year and 0.052 tons/year , respectively .
H the project belongs to the mechanical processing enterprise and the initial discharge rights for the application is 0.0514 chemical oxygen ( lpg ) 0.514 tons / year , ammonia ( nox ) 0.052 tons / year . 35
H the project belongs to a mechanical processing enterprise , and the initial emission of the application is chemical tonnes / year , ammonia nitrogen ( nox ) 0.052 tonnes / year . 36
H the project is a mechanical processing enterprise , the initial discharge right of the application for chemical oxygen demand ( cod ) of 0.514 tons/year , ammonia nitrogen ( nox ) 0.052 tons/year . 28
R the paid use and trading of air pollutant emission permits cover the city 's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat .
H the air pollutant discharge rights use and trading for the city power , thermal power and heat production of the key industrial enterprises . 32
H air pollutant emission rights are used and traded for the central industrial enterprises of electricity and heat production in the city . 28
H the pollutant emission right of air pollutants is paid use and transaction is the key industrial enterprise of power supply and thermal production . 32
R on january 1 , 2016 , the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use .
H existing drainage units with an eia have existing sewage unit , which has been assessed by 1 january 2016 , is not charged be temporarily withheld from royalties . 42
H the existing sewage units that have obtained the eia prior to 1 january 2016 shall not be levied on a fee basis . 38
H prior to january 1 , 2016 , the existing sewage disposal unit of eia has not been levied for a fee . 29
R the obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge , so companies can not discharge pollutants at will .
H `` paying for the right to discharge is not the same as the power to get the of the illegal discharge , and it can not discharge pollutants randomly '' he said . 30
H `` the right to obtain emissions is not equal to the power to discharge the illegal sewage , and it is not free to discharge the pollutants . 28
H `` the right to receive pollution from the sewage is not equal to the power to illegally discharge pollutants . '' 28
R han hongyan , deputy director of qingdao environmental protection bureau , introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations . illegal enterprises can not be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights .
H huang hongyan , deputy director of the green island environmental protection bureau of qingdao , said that if illegal pollution and excess pollution still should be punished according to relevant regulations , illegal enterprises would not be allowed to circumvent penalties by purchasing the right to defecate . 43
H if epa , deputy director of qingdao environmental protection bureau , said that if the illegal sewage and excess sewage would still be punished in accordance with the relevant regulations , it would not be possible to allow illegal enterprises to circumvent the punishment by purchasing emission rights . 34
H qingdao environmental protection bureau deputy director of the han red yan introduced , if the illegal discharge , exceeding the sewage still should be punished according to the relevant regulations , it is impossible to allow illegal enterprises through the purchase of pollution right way to avoid punishment . 60
R in other words , we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises ' over standard discharge behaviors , so as to protect the environment and public health .
H in other words , through legal means to crack down on environmental violations , severely punished enterprises for excess pollution , thereby protecting the environment and safeguarding public health . 28
H in other words , by means of legal means to combat environmental violations severely , severely punish the company 's excessive discharge behavior , thereby protecting the environment and ensuring public health . 32
H in other words , by means of legal measures to crack down on environmental violations , severely punish the excessive discharge of enterprises , thereby protecting the environment and safeguarding public health . 27
R now for their own interests , enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control , cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants .
H now enterprises for their own benefit , improve the anti-pollution initiative , cherish limited emission rights , reduce pollutant emissions . 27
H now the enterprise , for its own benefit , improves the enthusiasm of the pollution , cherish the limited emission of emissions , reduces pollutant emissions . 27
H now enterprises in order to their own interests , improve the enthusiasm of pollution control , cherish the limited emission rights , reduce pollutant emissions . 24
R with the economic interests drive , to reduce pollutants ' discharge has shifted from the government 's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior , so as to truly protect the environment , nature and public health .
H with the economic benefits , reducing pollutant emissions from the government 's compulsory behavior becomes the conscious market behavior of the enterprise , thus achieving the objective of protecting the environment , protecting nature and safeguarding public health . 35
H as a result of economic benefits , reducing pollutant emissions from government enforcement to the enterprise 's conscious market behavior , thus actually achieving the purpose of protecting the environment , protecting nature and ensuring public health . 42
H with the drive of economic benefits , reducing pollutant emissions from the government 's compulsory behavior into the enterprise conscious market behavior , so as to really achieve the protection of the environment , protection of nature , the purpose of safeguarding public health . 35
R emission right , also known as `` dumping right '' , means the right to discharge pollutants . it refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government .
H emission rights , also known as `` emission rights , '' are the right to discharge pollutants , which means the right of emissions to environmental emissions to discharge pollutants from the environment is legally available in accordance with the government 's distribution . 41
H emissions are also known as `` emission rights , '' which is the right to discharge pollutants , the right of the emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment within the amount allocated by the government . 31
H the right to discharge is also called `` emission right '' , which is the right to emit pollutants , that is , the right of the emitter to discharge the pollutant to the environment in accordance with the government 's allotted amount . 45
R this right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy , use and benefit from environmental capacity resources .
H this right is essentially the right of the defecator to possess , use and benefit the resources of the environment . 11
H this right is , in essence , the right of shall to the possession , use and benefits of environmental capacity resources . 15
H in essence , this right is the right of polluters to occupy , use and benefit the environmental capacity resources . 9
R next , under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume , the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange .
H next , in the premise that the total amount of pollutant emissions does not exceed the allowable emissions , the source of the internal sources of pollution diverts emissions through a currency exchange for each other . 29
H the next step is that , under the premise that the total pollutant emissions do not exceed the allowable emissions , the internal sources of pollution are transfer by currency exchange . 26
H next , under the premise that the total pollutant emissions do not exceed allowable emissions , the internal pollution sources are exchanged with each other by means of currency exchange . 29
R since the proposition of emissions trading by american economist dyers in 1968 , it has been applied by the united states of america to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s .
H the issue of sewage trading since 1968 , it was introduced by the american economist , dale dale dell , in 1968 , the united states began its application to the atmosphere and river pollution sources in the 1970s . 34
H emissions trading has since been introduced by american economist dales in 1968 , the united states began to apply it to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s . 23
H emissions trading since 1968 by american economist dales , the united states in in the 1970 of the 20th century began to apply it to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources . 30
R since its pilot in china in 2007 , it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including zhejiang and jiangsu .
H our pilot began in 2007 , and there are 14 provinces , including in zhejiang and jiangsu , . 23
H since 2007 , the country has been pilot , and there are now 14 provinces , such as zhejiang and jiangsu , which have been fully implemented . 32
H china since 2007 to carry out pilot , now has zhejiang , jiangsu and other 14 provinces ( regions , municipalities ) in full implementation . 30
R according to the ministry of defense of russia , in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the `` islamic state '' target in syria , a number of russian fighters lifted from the syrian mahmir air force base to provide support .
H according to the russian ministry of defence , in order to assist the six strategic bombers in carrying out air strikes against the `` islamic state '' target of the `` islamic state '' target in syria , multi-armed russian warplanes was supported by the launch of the syrian hermiim airbase . 50
H according to the russian ministry of defence , in order to assist the six strategic bombers in carrying out aerial strikes against the islamic state in syria , a number of russian fighters have supported the launch of the syrian 赫迈米姆 airbase . 37
H according to the russian ministry of defense , in order to assist the 6 strategic bombers in syria , the `` islamic country '' targets in the air strikes , several russian warplanes from the syrian state air force base to provide support . 30
R on february 22 this year , the united states and russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the syrian conflict . the ceasefire agreement will be implemented since february 27 .
H on 22 february this year , the united states and russia reached an agreement on a ceasefire between the sides of the syrian conflict , which began on 27 november . 25
H on 22 february this year , the united states and russia reached an agreement on a ceasefire between the parties to the syrian conflict , which began on 27 february . 25
H on february 22 this year , the united states and russia reached an agreement on a ceasefire between the parties to the syrian conflict , and the ceasefire has been implemented since 27th of the month . 23
R under the agreement , the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including `` islamic state '' and `` salvation front `` , which were identified by the united nation security council .
H according to the agreement , the cease-fire does not include the military strikes of a terrorist organization identified by the united nations security council , such as the `` islamic state '' . `` 45
H according to the agreement , the ceasefire does not include a military attack on terrorist organizations identified by the united nations security council , such as the `` islamic state . '' 36
H according to the agreement , the ceasefire does not include a military strike against the terrorist groups identified by the un security council , such as the `` islamic state '' `` support front '' . 34
R russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly .
H russia will continue to build relevant military infrastructure in the base , and the living conditions of russian troops will be guaranteed accordingly . 9
H russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure at the base , and the living conditions of russian military personnel will be guaranteed . 10
H russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure at the base , and the living conditions of the russian servicemen will be safeguarded accordingly . 9
R he also said that if the extremist forces were not hit , these forces will be extended to russia .
H he also said that if the extremist forces were not struck , they would be extended to russia . 7
H he added that if extremist forces were not hit , these forces would extend to russia . 9
H he added that those forces would expand to russia without a crackdown on extremist forces . 24
R although russia and the west did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of syria , russia would strengthen cooperation with syria , iran and iraq in this regard .
H while russia and the west have failed to agree on a joint crackdown on the forces of extremism , russia will strengthen cooperation with syria , iran and iraq . 26
H while russia and the west have not reached agreement on the fight against extremist forces , russia will strengthen its cooperation with syria , iran , iraq and so on . 23
H although russia and the west did not agree on a joint fight against the syrian extremist forces , russia will strengthen its cooperation with syria , iran and iraq in this regard . 15
R in september 2015 , russia , at the invitation of the syrian government , began a military strike against syrian extremist forces .
H in september 2015 , russia was invited by the syrian government to begin a military strike against syria 's extremist forces . 16
H in september 2015 , russia , at the invitation of the syrian government , began a military attack on the extremist forces of the syrian arab republic . 11
H in september 2015 , russia began a military strike against the syrian extremist forces at the invitation of syria 's government . 18
R on march 15 this year , russia 's major military forces began to evacuate , but the russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in heimi mimi and the naval base in tartus .
H on march 15 this year , russia 's main military force in syria began to withdraw , but russia promised to keep the hamamim air force base heramim airbase and the naval base in tartu naval base . 29
H on 15 march this year , the major military forces of the russian federation began to withdraw , but the russian side was committed to maintaining the 赫迈米姆 airbase and the naval base in tartus . 26
H march 15 this year , russia 's main military forces in syria began to withdraw , but the russian side pledged to continue to maintain the tartous airbase and stationed at the naval base . 22
R in the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown , he peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage .
H in the case of old house and successful rural creation , he has done a good demonstration : heritage of a century-old house , also tells the story of a land heritage . 34
H in the case of old new and successful 乡创 , what made a good demonstration : 传承 a hundred years , and also about the inheritance story of a piece of land . 38
H in the old residence and success of the case , he pei have done a good demonstration : the inheritance of a century old curtilage , but also tells a piece of land inheritance story . 47
R today , 100,000 people on average visit zhushan each year , bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace .
H today , an average of 100,000 people go to bamboo hill every year , or create a variety of ideas , or seek inner peace . 19
H today , an average of 100,000 times a year will bring together zhushan , or create a variety of ideas , or seek inner peace . 21
H today , an average of 100,000 people converge to zhushan each year , either to bring in a variety of ideas or to seek inner peace . 16
R in fact , the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with , just like mother and child . no matter strong or weak . there is no need for any party to be governed by the other party . such a relationship is warm .
H in fact , the relationship between the country and the city should be accompanied by each other , like the mother and children , there is no strong or strong , no who will rule who to rule , should be very warm . 46
H in fact , the relationship between the countryside and the city should be accompanied by each other , like the mother and the child , without a strong weakness , no one to rule who , should be very warm . 45
H in fact , the relationship between the country and the city should be accompanied by each other , just like mother and child , there is no strong and weak points , no need who to rule who , should be very warm . 40
R there is no fixed pattern of rural development , but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes . one of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages .
H there is no fixed pattern in rural development , but the most important thing in rural areas is to let the right people go to the countryside . 24
H there is no fixed pattern for rural development , but the most important thing in the country 's spontaneous change should be to let the right people go to the countryside . 31
H there is no fixed model for rural development , but it is difficult to change spontaneously in rural areas , and the most important thing is to let the right people go to the countryside . 24
R shanghai songjiang district traffic control department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving . as a result , more than 30 cases were detected in a week .
H authorities in shanghai 's songjiang district have recently used electronic police to clean up mobile phones and seized more than 30 seizures a week . 31
H the shanghai traffic department in shanghai has recently used the electronic police to 整治 the driver to play the mobile phone , seized more than 30 times a week . 27
H shanghai songjiang handing management department recently used electronic police to repair drivers to play mobile phones , one weeks seized more than more than 30 . 33
R with the popularity of smart phones , mobile phones become more and more funny . wechat , microblogging and even games , shopping on taobao have become normal . it seems that many people can not leave the phone for a moment , and can not stop even when driving .
H with the popularization of the smartphone , mobile phones are becoming more and more fun , brush letters , micro blog , and even play games , visit taobao , many people seem to need to leave the cell phone . 50
H with the popularity of smartphones , mobile phones are becoming more and more fun , brush , made , and even playing games , shopping are normal , many people seem to be able to avoid the mobile phone , even when driving . 43
H with the popularity of smartphones , mobile phones more and more fun , brush micro-letter , hair micro-bo even play games , stroll taobao is a normal , many people seem to be inseparable from the mobile phone , even when the car can not stop . 52
R according to `` road traffic safety act '' , mobile phones playing are banned and defined as `` behavior preventing safe driving '' .
H the traffic safety act prohibits the driving of mobile phones and defines it as `` obstructing safe driving behaviour . '' 25
H the road traffic safety act explicitly prohibits the use of mobile phones and defines it as `` an obstacle to safe driving . '' 26
H the road traffic safety act prohibits driving a mobile phone and defines it as `` a hindrance to safe driving behavior '' . 25
R unfortunately , due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences , those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration .
H unfortunately , this phenomenon has not been punished , not subject to punishment because of the offender 's multitude , the difficulty of obtaining evidence , and the legal provision of the law is almost as much a fixture . 55
H unfortunately , this phenomenon is not punishable as a result of the perpetrators and the difficulty of obtaining evidence , and the legal provisions are almost into . 42
H unfortunately , because of the illegal people , forensics and other reasons , this phenomenon has not been due to punishment , the law has almost become a decoration . 42
R if the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures , such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed .
H if the authorities were able to make a decision regulators are determined to `` declare war '' on mobile phone to drive a mobile phone behavior , this is bound to be contained . 42
H if the traffic department is able to make a decision to `` declare war '' to drive the mobile phone , this is a measure that can be curbed . 34
H if the authorities can make up their minds to `` declare war '' on the behavior of mobile phones , the violation of this measure will be curbed . 37
R the public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity .
H to maintain a strict household archive management , the registration of an electronic and paper file to the unhukou registration material is set up to ensure the of the that the of the archives are fully valid . 51
H to close the archives management , establish electronic and paper files on a case-by-case basis , and ensure that the files are complete and effective . 41
H in order to ensure the integrity and validity of the archival data , we should establish the archives of electronic and paper files on the registration materials of the unregistered accounts . 49
R the public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without hukou .
H the public security authorities should be able to register the registration of unregistered residents and notify the relevant departments in time . 24
H the public security organs shall notify the relevant departments in a timely manner of the registration of persons . 11
H the public security organs shall handle the registration of unregistered persons ' accounts and notify the relevant departments in a timely manner . 23
R the policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup . they should be corrected and abolished if necessary .
H the policy policy policy that is inconsistent with the implementation of this there will be a centralization of the policy policy , which is not serious revision of that have been carefully revised , and the repeal is resolutely reversed the resolute repeal of the abolition . 50
H the policy measures that are not consistent with the spirit of the present opinion will be carried out in a centralized manner , with serious amendments to the amendment , and the repeal of the repeal . 38
H a centralized clean-up of policy measures that are inconsistent with the spirit of the implementation of the present opinion will be a serious revision of the amendment , which is a resolute repeal . 39
R in the collective greenhouse of donglin village of taicang city , the 48-year-old wang xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees .
H in a communal shed in the east lin village , 48 years old , wang xuen , 48 , is spraying the pear trees with pesticides by the workers to the pear tree . 40
H in the collective greenhouses of golden 东林村 , 48 , wang shuet-fun , 48 , is spraying the pear tree with a workers . 36
H the 48-year-old wang shefen is carrying workers to the pear tree spraying pesticide in the collective shed at taicang east lam tsuen . 33
R there are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species , but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok .
H the village is 150 mu of orchards , more than 10 species , only 12 workers plus 1 technical engineer . 14
H in the village 150 acres of orchards , more than 10 tree species , only 12 workers plus one technical engineer . 13
H the village 150 mu of orchard , more than more than 10 species , only need 12 workers plus 1 technical engineers . 20
R last year , the income was a total of rmb 50,000. i can not earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age .
H a total of 50,000 dollars last year , like my age , i would not get the money in the factory . 31
H last year , fifty thousand dollars , like my age , must not be able to get the money in a factory . 38
H last year 50,000 dollars altogether , like my age , if i work in the factory will not get the money . 31
R last year , the income of donglin village reached rmb 22 million , of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half .
H last year , east lin 's village income reached 22 million yuan , with agricultural income accounting for more than half of the total . 24
H last year , 东林村 of the village income reached $ 22 million , of which nearly half of the total agricultural income was accounted for . 16
H last year , the village-level income reached 22 million yuan , of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly half . 9
R according to su qifang , the village secretary , per capita land cultivation area increases each year . 50 mu ( a unit of area , one `` mu '' =0.0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now . the revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year .
H village secretary su qi fang : per capita land planting area is rising every year , and the income of professional farmers increases every year , just beginning 50 mu , now over 100 mu ; an acre of benefits increases every year , and the income of professional farmers every year , the income farmer income increases every year . 77
H village clerk amis : per capita land cultivation is rising every year , just 50 acres , now more than 100 acres ; acres are increasing annually , and the income of professional farmers will be increased every year . 72
H village secretary suzifang : per capita land planting area in ascension each year , just beginning 50 acres , now more than 100 acres , the annual increase in the efficiency of mu , the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year . 63
R with shares quantifying to each villager , the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation .
H the stock quantified to each villager , the biggest bright spot of the collective economic reform in the village of suonan countryside is to clarify the rural collective property of and and explore the separation . 32
H to quantify the share of shares to every villager , the biggest highlight of the rural collective economic reform in jiangsu province is to clarify the property rights of the rural collective operating assets and explore the separation of political . 29
H shares quantified to every a villagers , the biggest bright spot of rural collective economic reform in southern jiangsu is to clarify the property rights of rural collectively operated assets and to explore the political economy separation . 32
R in july 2015 , on anzhen street of wuxi xishan district , 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement `` sub-account management '' . the village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business .
H in july 2015 , 14 rural economic cooperation organizations in wuxi city , wuxi city , and village council `` split management , '' the village council of the rural public affairs management , and cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business . 38
H in july 2015 , 14 rural economic cooperation ( rural ) in cun city , wuxi , wuxi city , and the villages village council `` subregional , '' the village council performs the management of public affairs in rural areas , and the cooperative organization is mainly engaged in business . 55
H july 2015 , wuxi xishan district town street , 14 rural economic cooperation organization and village committee , `` divide management '' , village committee to perform rural public affairs management , cooperative organization is mainly engaged in business . 33
R with two accounts for two institutions , this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption .
H two institutions , two accounts , not `` mutually '' and to prevent the village cadres from participating in the collective asset management of corruption . 19
H the two bodies of the two bodies , not `` n , '' prevent the village cadres to participate in collective asset management . 23
H two institutions two accounts , not `` connection '' , to prevent cadres from participating in the collective asset management corruption phenomenon . 20
R zhu baoping , deputy director of the jiangsu provincial agriculture committee , said that the next step of jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system , encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism .
H the deputy director of jiangsu provincial agriculture committee wishes ping ping that the next step will continue to promote the reform of the community joint-stock cooperative system , he said , to encourage farmers to jointly develop the democratic power transport mechanism . 35
H the next step will continue to promote the reform of community share cooperation , encourage farmers to develop joint development and establish a democratic power operation mechanism at the village level . 32
H jiang caopaoping , deputy director of agriculture of jiangsu province , said that the next step will be to promote community shareholding cooperation system reform , encourage farmers to jointly develop , and establish village-level democratic power operation mechanism . 26
R according to zhu baoping , they should further move forward the reform , engage in community shares cooperation , quantify the assets to members , fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights .
H i wish ping ping : further push reform forward , engage in communal stock joint-stock cooperation , asset quantification of assets , fixed to the farmers , to form clear property rights . 40
H wish baoping : further the reform forward , engage in community equity cooperation , quantify the assets to the members , fixed to the farmers , and form clear property rights . 21
H caopaoping : further push forward the reform , engage in community share cooperation , quantify the assets to the members , fixed to the farmers , form a clear property rights . 23
R through the internet + , we shall provide farmers with the rights to know , participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation .
H through the internet + , the implementation of his right to know , the decision-making power of decision-making and the supervision of democratic management , three rights to the right to participate in the farmers , it really makes it a standard joint joint-stock cooperation mechanism . 50
H through the internet + , the implementation of his right to know , the right to participate in decision-making and the supervision of democratic management , the three rights are implemented to the farmers , indeed make it a regulated mechanism for the cooperation of shares . 40
H through the internet + , the implementation of his right to know , decision-making participatory rights and the supervision of democratic management , three of rights to farmers , indeed let it become a normative share of the operating mechanism of cooperation . 38
R at present , the new collective economy in southern jiangsu village mainly consists of four development modes , including asset leasing , enterprise stock , agricultural development and joint development .
H at present , the new collective economy of south south in the village of south south china countryside mainly formed the asset leasing type , enterprise share type , agricultural development and joint development mode four development models . 28
H at present , the new rural economy of the rural areas of jiangsu province mainly formed the asset rent , the enterprise 股份型 , the agricultural developmental , the joint development of four development models . 35
H at present , the new rural collective economy of south jiangsu province mainly forms 4 kinds of development models , such as asset leasing type , enterprise share type , agricultural development type and joint development type . 23
R it is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the `` belt and road initiative '' development .
H it is understood that overseas exhibition will be an important platform for the development of zhejiang province . 18
H it is understood that the overseas exhibition is an important platform for the construction of `` along the road '' in zhejiang province . 18
H it is understood that overseas exhibition has become an important platform to promote the construction of zhejiang province . 21
R the success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the `` belt and road initiative '' road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform .
H the success of these overseas exhibitions has been a valuable experience and a good foundation for the development of new markets along the way to the development of new markets . 31
H the successful organization of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and good foundation to continue to develop the emerging markets along the `` along the road . '' 27
H the successful holding of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and good foundation for the development of the new markets along the `` all the way '' and the overseas exhibition platform . 22
R peak will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand , building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises .
H peck will always aim to improve the consumer 's sports needs , build the sports industry ecological circle , acceleration from a single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to the professional sports enterprise strategy upgrade . 35
H peak will always be guided by the promotion of the consumer 's movement needs , build the sports industry ecosystem , speed up the upgrading of the professional sports service enterprise strategy by single sports company . 39
H the gram will always be to promote the consumer 's movement demand as the guidance , constructs the sports industry ecology circle , speeds up by the single sporting goods manufacture enterprise to the specialized sports service enterprise strategy escalation . 37
R hamir also said that another 34 people were injured . among them , three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged .
H he added that 34 others were injured , including three firefighters , who were slightly injured and were discharged from hospital . 23
H hammill added that 34 others were injured to medical care , including three firefighters , who had been discharged from hospital . 27
H hammill added that another 34 people were injured and sent to hospital , including 3 firefighters who had been slightly injured . 27
R as some of the tenants were still missing , he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities .
H as a result of the whereabouts of some households , he also appealed to residents of the flat to contact the authorities . 17
H as some of the households were still unaccounted for , he also called on the residents of the fire apartment to contact the authorities . 9
H as some households are still unaccounted for , he also appealed to the residents of the fire flats to liaise with the authorities . 20
R it is reported that , ms. du lei ( mariana turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years , said : `` it seems like a bomb falling down . ''
H mariana turay , who lived in the apartment for 30 years , said : `` it 's like a bomb fell . '' 24
H ms. dooley , who lived in the apartment for 30 years , said : `` there seems to be a bomb . '' 26
H it is reported that in this apartment for 30 years , ms. dulei ( mariana turay ) said : `` it seems that a bomb fell . '' 25
R it is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours .
H it was reported that the local fire brigade took an hour and 45 minutes to put out the blaze , and residents of nearby buildings were allowed to return to their homes after a few hours later . 14
H it was reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to extinguish the fire , and the residents of the nearby building were allowed to return to their homes in a few hours . 12
H it is reported that the local fire brigade spent 1 hours and 45 minutes to extinguish the fire , residents of nearby buildings were allowed to return to their homes in a few hours . 13
R american red cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless , 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby .
H american red cross personnel estimate that about 100 people are homeless , including 60 to 70 people who stay in shelters in nearby district centre , mostly hispanic residents . 25
H the united states red cross personnel estimated that about 100 people were homeless , of whom 60 to 70 were located in the neighbourhood centre in the vicinity of the neighbourhood , most of whom were residents of hispanic . 33
H the american red cross estimates that about 100 people are homeless , of whom 60 to 70 are temporarily in shelters in the nearby community centre , mostly hispanic residents . 26
R on august 11 , the first jinzhou wetland tourism festival kicked off at jinzhou qriental huadicheng `` crane lake '' .
H on august 11 , the inaugural chatham bay wetland tourism festival was opened at lake crane springs , east china of the city . 25
H on august 11 , the first jinzhou wetland tourism festival was located on the 畔 river in jinzhou east holding city . 21
H august 11 , the first jinzhou wetland tourism culture festival in jinzhou oriental city , `` crane spring lake , '' the curtain . 15
R from 2014 onwards , the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the gdp of jinzhou and reached 11.3 % in 2015 .
H since 2014 , the tourism industry has generated revenue , accounting for 10 per cent of the city 's gdp ; it has reached 11.3 per cent in 2015 . 26
H since 2014 , the revenue generated by the tourism industry , accounting for 10 % of gdp , reached 11.3 % in 2015 . 15
H from 2014 onwards , the tourism industry to create income , accounting for the jinzhou gdp10 year has reached 11.3 % . 19
R the qriental huadicheng wetland hot spring tourist area is located at no.1 , linghai section , binhai highway , dayou economic development zone , jinzhou city . it is 50 km away from linghai downtown area and 70 km from panjin city .
H the east china city wetland hot spring tourist area wetland hot springs resort is located in the city of changhai , an economic zone of the city area , distance , a distance of 70 km from the city of jinhai city , 50 km from the city of kuan 70 km from the city area , 50 kilometers from city . 65
H east city wetland hot spring tourist area , is located in the coastal economic zone of the coastal economic zone , 1 , 70 km from the city of jinzhou , 50 km from the city of 凌海 and 70 km from panjin . 49
H east china city wetland hot spring tourist area , is located in jinzhou ling great economic zone binhai highway ling section 1th , from jinzhou city 70 kilometers away from the ling urban area 50 kilometers , distance panjin 70 kilometers . 53
R there are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring .
H the scenic area has an indoor hot spring area of 3,000 square meters , and the outdoor hot spring area of 4600 square meters . 35
H the area has an indoor hot spring area of 3000 square meters , outdoor hot spring area of 4,600 square meters . 32
H scenic area has indoor hot springs covers an area of 3000 square meters , outdoor hot springs covers an area of 4600 square meters . 33
R xiamen girl zhang binbin : `` handsome hands '' encourage her to start shooting career , which saw several `` reverse ''
H xiamen girl zhang wei : `` hand style '' to start shooting the career of a few `` reversal '' 18
H xiamen girl zhang : `` hand beauty '' the road to start shooting the road to the `` reverse '' 18
H xiamen girl zhang binbin : `` beautiful hand '' began shooting road career after several `` reversal '' 16
R zhang donghong , a villager of the east park village , xiamen xiang'an district , changed his 29-inch old tv into a 65-inch tv just a few days before .
H zhang dongdong , the east park village in xiamen yuanqing district east garden , just a few days ago , the 29 inch old tv into a 65-inch tv inches of a large television . 31
H a few days ago , zhang donghong , the xiamen 东园村 of xiamen , had just changed his home 29 inches of old television to a 65 tv . 37
H xiamen xiang an district east garden village zhang donggong a few days ago just put a 29-inch old tv , replaced by 65-inch tv . 37
R the ordinary farmer has a daughter , named zhang binbin . she is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of olympic games women 's 50-meters rifle games for china in the evening of the eleventh .
H the daughter of the average farmer , who won the first to win a silver medal in the women 's 50-meter rifle at the beijing olympic games in the evening . 37
H the daughter of the ordinary farmer was zhang binbin on the evening of the 11th night for china to win a silver medal for the women 's 50 rifles in the rio olympic games . 43
H the ordinary peasant 's daughter , is 11th night for china to win the rio olympic games women 's 50-meter rifle three-posture final silver zhang binbin . 42
R in the evening of the 11th day of the month , just in front of this new tv set , the zhang donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple 's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning .
H 11 day and night , just before the new television , zhang donghong and dozens of close friends , to witness the daughter of the struggle , from nearly the preliminary trials to almost the miraculous process . 60
H on the night of the 11 th night , before the new television , zhang donghong and dozens of relatives , together with dozens of relatives , witnessed their daughter 's up , from almost the heat to the magic process that almost reversed . 60
H 11th night , just before this new television , zhang donggong couples and dozens of relatives and friends , together witnessed the daughter 's way to catch up , from almost the preliminaries were eliminated to almost a reversal of the magical process . 49
R at the game , zhang binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final .
H on the day of the game , zhang qi was in the middle and bottom of the list , as if the final is very far away from . 30
H on the same day , zhang binbin was in the middle and middle of the world , and seemed to be far away from the final . 20
H in that day 's game , zhang binbin once ranked midstream and downstream , seems to be far away from the final . 27
R but her parents and friends did not give up , kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game . zhang binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final . at this time , a burst of cheers broke out in her home .
H but parents and friends and relatives did not give up , and kept on streaming , seeing that as the rest of the race , and finally locked in the final of the final seat , and the home suddenly erupted from a hail of cheers . 56
H but parents and friends did not give up , not 刷着 , and saw that with the other players finish , zhang binbin 's ranking , eventually locked the final seat , his home suddenly erupted from a 一阵 . 50
H but parents and friends and family did not give up , constantly brushing the text live , see with the other contestants finish the game , zhang binbin ranking all the way up , finally locked the final seat , his home suddenly erupted from a burst of cheer . 45
R in the final , zhang binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0.2 rings behind the champion .
H in the final of the final , zhang was once again ranked , to win the silver medalist 0.2 ring gold medal in the final of the last few shots and won . 41
H in the final , zhang binbin was at one point after one , the last few shots , the more stable , only to win the silver medal by the behind champion of 0.2 rings . 38
H in the final , zhang binbin was once ranked after the situation , the last few shots more stable , only to the 0.2-ring score of the trailing champion won the silver medal . 40
R this year , the 27-year-old zhang binbin , in the 16-year shooting career , has actually missed the silver medal for several times .
H this year , 27 years old zhang hao , in 16 years of shooting career , in fact a few degrees close to the hard-won silver medal . 28
H zhang binbin , 27 , this year , in the 16 years of shooting , in fact , almost a few times with the hard-won silver medal . 34
H the 27-year-old zhang binbin , who had been in the shooting career of 16 , almost had a few degrees of friction with the hard-won silver medal . 28
R according to her mother zhang xiaolong , her daughter sent a few `` little persuaders '' from her village at their hesitation .
H his mother , zhang xiaozong told reporters , just as they hesitated , zhang came up with found a few `` novels '' of the same village . 33
H bruce , his mother , told reporters that , when they hesitated , zhang binbin found several `` small lobbyists '' in the village . 36
H his mother zhangxiaolong told reporters , in their hesitation , zhang binbin found several `` novel visitors '' with the village . 33
R these little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time , including zhang binbin 's cousin .
H these `` fictions '' were also recommended to participate in the training of the same village children , including zhang zhang 's cousin . 26
H these `` small '' were fellow children who were also recommended for training at the same time , including a cousin of binbin binbin . 30
H the `` novel guest '' was also recommended to participate in the training of the same village children , including zhang binbin cousin . 31
R just after coming to xiamen team , zhang binbin once again took the initiative to return to xiang'an school because of her family difficulties .
H shortly after entering the xiamen team , zhang ji once again for reasons such as family difficulties , voluntarily returned to the school to study . 33
H shortly after entering the xiamen team , zhang binbin once again returned to the school of 翔安 because of the difficulties of the family . 24
H shortly after entering the xiamen team , zhang binbin again because of family difficulties and other reasons , the initiative to return to the school of xiang ann . 26
R but after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher , zhang binbin returned to xiamen team .
H but after his coach zhang yagai repeated his work , zhang hao returned to the xiamen team . 15
H but after his initial coach zhang piagetian worked repeatedly , zhang binbin returned to the xiamen team . 15
H but after its enlightenment coach zhang yaje repeated work , zhang binbin returned to the xiamen team . 13
R and after she came into the provincial team , zhang binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time .
H after entering the provincial team , zhang ji once again because he was unable to get into the delay in the national team , for a see hope to return home . 35
H after entering the provincial team , zhang binbin , who had been late for the national team , had once again returned to his home because of no hope . 37
H after entering the provincial team , zhang binbin again because of the delay into the national team , once because of the hope and return home again . 33
R this time , not only the coach zhang yajie , but also the leaders and coach of xiamen shooting archery sports center and fujian provincial team came to her home . with their efforts , zhang binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team .
H this time , not only coach zhang jie , xiamen shooting archery center and the fujian province team leaders and coaches all arrived at the center of home , finally persuaded zhang hao to return to the provincial team . 35
H this time , not only zhang piagetian coach , the xiamen shooting archery movement center and the fujian province team leaders and coaches came home , and finally persuaded zhang binbin to return to the provincial team . 31
H this time , not only zhang yaje coach , xiamen shooting archery sports center and fujian province team leaders and coaches have come home , eventually persuaded zhang binbin back to the provincial team . 34
R just at yesterday 's game , the xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence .
H just like yesterday 's game , the girl of xiamen insisted on the of the way to the shooting on the road . 20
H like yesterday 's game , the xiamen girl 's use insisted on the reverse of the shooting path . 17
H just like yesterday 's game , the xiamen girl 's insistence on the road of shooting a reversal . 17
R `` each coach has his own method to choose the potential player . i decided to take her once i saw her beautiful hands . ''
H `` every coach has a different way of picking out the players , and when i saw that i had a beautiful hand , '' he said , when i saw that the hands were . 46
H `` each coach chose the team differently , when i saw that binbin 's hand was very beautiful . 31
H `` the way each coach picks up the players is different , and i saw binbin 's long very nicely , '' he said . 38
R zhang donghong also recalled , in the training test , although the results of her daughter were not the best , her rings were very stable , which is also an important reason for zhang binbin to attract coaches .
H zhang dong also recalled that in the training test , the daughter is not the best performance , but the number of the ring is stable , this is also an important reason to attract the coach . 30
H zhang donghong also recalled that in the training test , the daughter is not the best , but the 环数 is very stable , and this is the important reason why zhang binbin attracts the coach . 29
H zhang donggong also recalls , in the training test , although the daughter is not the best , but the number of rings is very stable , which is zhang binbin to attract coaches important reasons . 23
R during the training process of zhang binbin , it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed zhang yajie most .
H during the training session , zhang yagai was most impressed by the input of the peasant girl 's input . 23
H in the course of the training of zhang binbin , zhang piagetian was the most impressed by the peasant girl 's input . 26
H in the process of training zhang binbin , zhang yaje is the most impressive , it is the peasant girl 's input . 26
R he recalled that after zhang binbin came into the xiamen shooting team more than a year later , the team carried out a long shot of gun training , requiring players not to move for half an hour .
H he recalled that zhang had entered the xiamen shooting team more than a year later , the team carried out a permanent gun training , asked the players for half an hour to move . 18
H he recalled that zhang binbin entered the xiamen shooting team more than a year later , and the team carried out a 立 lasting training and asked the team to be unable to move for half an hour . 22
H he recalls that zhang binbin into the xiamen shooting team more than a year later , the team to carry out li she sustained gun training , the team required half an hour to move . 25
R zhang xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child , with the hobby of painting and producing toys .
H xiao xiao told reporters that the daughter has always been a quiet , good-natured child who liked clever child , like painting and homemade handmade toys . 24
H zhang told reporters that her daughter had been a quiet and quiet child , and she liked to draw and make homemade handmade toys from a young age . 26
H zhangxiaolong told reporters , daughter has been a quiet well-behaved children , since childhood like painting and homemade handmade toys , 22
R `` i used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs . binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls . ''
H `` i would have done my clothes and sewed at home , and i would have picked up some side corners to make my own doll . '' 28
H `` i 'm going to make clothes and planting at home , and binbin will pick up some scrap to make a doll . '' 24
H `` originally i will do the clothes in the home , sew , binbin will pick up some scraps to make the doll oneself . '' 28
R she said , her daughter often sewed hand toys . plus , she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll 's facial features to clothing .
H she said that her daughter often made her own handmade toy toys , and that she was able to do it lifelike from the features of the doll 's five senses to the clothes , always . 40
H she says her daughter often makes her own handmade toys , and that she is good at drawing , from the doll 's features to clothes , and can always be lifelike . 30
H she says her daughter often sews her own handmade toys , plus she is good at drawing , from the doll 's facial features to the dress , can always be lifelike . 28
R as an athlete , zhang binbin and her family are separate more than being together . as she can only return home during festivities , she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time .
H as athletes , zhang hao and his family are separated , only holidays can be returned home , usually by telephone . 36
H as an athlete , zhang binbin and his family gather more and less , only holidays will be able to go home , often by telephone contact . 36
H as an athlete , zhang binbin and family gather less and more , only holidays can go home , usually by telephone contact . 32
R according to her parents , no matter meeting in person or talking by phone , zhang binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things .
H parents say that , whether they meet or call , zhang xiao rarely says his own hard work , more is to talk to about having fun with his parents . 41
H parents say that , whether to meet or call , zhang binbin seldom said his own hard work , more of the parents to talk about fun . 34
H parents say , whether meet or call , zhang binbin rarely said their hard , more is to talk with parents happy things . 32
R because they can not often see their daughter , they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years .
H when she was not able to see her daughter , her parents kept her daughter 's paintings and years of honor in the honors of the year in the home to the painting will be . 42
H when she was not able to see her daughter , his parents were kept in the home with the paintings of her daughter and the honour of the calendar year . 32
H usually see the daughter , parents at home will be the daughter of the painting and years of honor are carefully stored . 30
R zhang xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter , `` she should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter . ''
H zhang xiaoyong presented his daughter 's cartoon to the journalist , `` if she is not a shooter , she should continue to paint . '' 30
H xiao zhang shows her daughter 's cartoon paintings to reporters . `` if there is no shooting athlete , she should continue to paint . '' 36
H zhangxiaolong her daughter 's anime painting to reporters , `` if not as a shooting athlete , she should continue to paint . '' 34
R in the living room on the second floor of zhang binbin , there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates .
H and in the second floor of zhang 's house , a cupboard filled with medals , medals and certificates she received . 15
H on the second floor of zhang binbin , there was a cabinet filled with medals , medals and certificates . 8
H in the living room on the second floor of the zhang binbin house , there was a cabinet full of medals , medals and certificates . 10
R zhang donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage . `` this is honor made by binbin after a dozen of years ' efforts . we feel quite cherished . ''
H zhang donghong displays medals and medals neatly , and the certificate is integrated into folders . `` these are the honors for more than ten years of hard work , we all cherish more than a decade , we all cherish . '' 56
H zhang donghong put the medals and medals neatly , and the certificates are kept in the folder . `` these are the honor of the binbin for more than a decade , and we all cherish . 45
H zhang donggong will medals and medals neatly placed , the certificate is unified into the folder to save , `` these are binbin more than 10 years of painstaking efforts in exchange for the honor , we are very cherish . '' 55
R recently , hebei cixiao fund sent a 16,000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in xiaozuo , taitou and guiquan village of jinjing county .
H in recent days , the tzu chi tzu chi fund in hebei province has sent $ 161,000 to be sent to the yujing county , the head of the spring festival , taiwan and other villages lost their hands . 54
H recently , the 慈孝 fund of hebei province has sent 16,000 yuan to the jingxing county of japan , tai , 贵泉 and other villages . 36
H recently , hebei province tzu-filial fund will be 16000 yuan condolences to jingxing county small , taiwan head , your spring and other villages 6 families lost their hands . 44
R this is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding `` bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in july 19 , 2016 '' .
H this is another compassionate action and after the revelation of the fund to the society to find out for `` 719 victims and lonely elderly people in the floods of . '' 39
H this is the fund 's message to the society to search for `` 7.19 and children in the 7.19 flood . '' 40
H this is the foundation of the fund to the community to find `` 7.19 floods in the loss of children and lonely elderly '' after the revelation of another caring action . 47
R the 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of hebei province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in hebei province . during the period , some people were dead and missing .
H 7.19 heavy rains caused floods in hebei province , causing flooding in parts of the province , and the death and disappearance of personnel . 44
H heavy rainfall caused heavy rainfall in hebei province , causing flood disaster in parts of the province , and the death and disappearance of people . 37
H 7.19 heavy rains caused many disasters in hebei province , causing floods in some areas of the province , and the death and disappearance of people . 44
R the good man `` lao tie '' sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage , leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child . the moving story of the good man `` lao tie '' made the entire provincial capital moved .
H `` old iron '' has been moved by the tragic drainage of the community , leaving two years young children and his wife , the wife of a good man who has good old man , to the as a result of the whole city . 70
H a good man 's `` old iron '' has left the whole city of the city as a result of the moving of the 2 , the wife of two years old and the wife of 身怀六甲 . 67
H good people `` old iron '' due to help the community obligation drainage unfortunate sacrifice , leaving 2-year-old children and pregnant wife , good people `` old iron '' touching deeds moved the entire provincial capital . 45
R on august 4 , the working personnel of hebei provincial cixiao fund and volunteers of hebei brand association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3,200-yuan love donation .
H on august 4 , hebei province tzu chi tzu chi tzu chi foundation staff and hebei brands will come to the `` old iron '' home , the 3200 yuan love in the hands of the together with 3200 yuan in the hands of the `` old iron '' family . 64
H on august 4 , hebei province 慈孝 fund staff and hebei brand volunteers came to the `` old iron '' home in the hands of the good family in the hands of the `` old iron '' family . 52
H august 4 , hebei province tzu chi fund staff and hebei brand volunteers came together to the good people `` old iron '' home , the 3200 yuan love to the `` old iron '' family hand . 47
R when ye li , the vice president of hebei brand association acknowledged the situation of `` lao tie '' , they immediately decided to carry out `` love charity '' activities among enterprise members to help `` old iron '' family to ride out the storm .
H when the vice-chairman ye li learns about the status quo of the `` iron iron '' family , he immediately decided to to carry out the `` love bazaar '' activities in the brand members of the brand , helping his family to survive . 52
H when the brand vice president , leaf , learned about the status quo of the `` old iron '' family , he decided to carry out a `` love sale '' in the brand company members to help the `` old iron '' family to go through the difficult times . 44
H when the vice president of the brand li ye understand the `` old iron '' family status , immediately decided in the brand will be the enterprise members to carry out `` love bazaar '' activities to help `` old iron '' family to tide over the difficulties . 38
R hebei provincial cixiao fund , known as cixiao fund of the hebei volunteer service foundation , was initiated by the hebei brand preparatory committee , and established in august 2015 .
H hebei province tzu chi foundation , known as the hebei province 's volunteer service fund , was launched by the hebei brand committee , founded in august 2015 . 21
H the 慈孝 fund in hebei province , the full fund foundation of hebei province , was launched in august 2015 . 30
H hebei province tzu-filial fund , the full name of the voluntary service foundation of hebei province , tzu-filial fund , by the hebei brand will be launched by the preparatory committee , was founded in august 2015 . 35
R according to a hong kong oriental daily report made on august 12 , the current diamond sales in mainland china were accused of three major problems , including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price , false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales , etc .
H the sale of diamond sales in mainland china is now referred to as three major problems , including inflated nominal diamond net price , false diamond weights and no guarantee after selling , hong kong , according to the report . 51
H the mainland diamond sales are now referred to as three major problems , including the up of the 虚标 diamond clarity , the weight of the diamond and the of after , according to hong kong 's east daily daily . 56
H according to the hong kong oriental daily , august 12 reported that the mainland diamond sales are currently referred to three major problems , including the net price of falsely marked diamonds to push high prices , the weight of the diamond , the sale of no security . 51
R antwerp is one of the world 's largest diamond trading centers . the diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known . all diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification , deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies .
H and antwerp , which is one of the world 's largest diamond-trading centres , is renowned for its diamond cutting technology of local artisans , which has been highly identified and welcomed by the mainland women . 35
H in antwerp , as one of the world 's largest diamond trading centres , the diamond cutting technology of the local artisans , the diamonds sold were strictly identified and welcomed by the mainland . 31
H while antwerp is one of the world 's largest diamond trading centers , the local artisans of diamond cutting technology world , the sale of diamonds have been rigorously identified by the mainland ladies welcome . 30
R `` a small cloth bag , holding in one 's hand , such light-weighted , is worth of almost one million yuan '' , a woman surnamed liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in antwerp last june to the mainland media .
H `` a small bag , held in the palm of the palm , a small group of floats , worth nearly a million dollars , '' a mother who took part in the purchase of diamonds , described her experience in antwerp in june . 48
H `` a small bag , held in the palm of the hand , a small 撮 of light , worth nearly $ 1 million , '' liu name , a participation , describes her experience in antwerp in june . 49
H `` a small bag , held in the palm of the hand , a small small , the value of nearly million yuan , '' a participant in the purchase of the diamond , liu surname aunt , to the mainland media described her this year june in antwerp experience . 56
R she buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along , including when she went to toilet and took bath .
H she pointed out that she hid the diamonds in her underwear , with a few days of toilet , and the , and a lot of stress . 36
H she said she hid the diamonds in her underwear , and went to the toilet and the shower for a long time , and she was very nervous about walking . 35
H she refers to the diamond hidden in the underwear , a few days in a row to go to the toilet , bathing , walking to sleep is very tense . 39
R she said the diamond she bought in antwerp was priced about rmb 55,000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about rmb 111,000 in xia'men .
H she said the diamonds bought in antwerp were purchased at about five thousand five thousand dollars per carat , and the same quality diamond at xiamen retail price of the same diamond at xiamen was about $ 1 , 000 . 42
H she said the diamond bought in antwerp was about $ 5,000 per carat , and the price of the same quality diamonds in xiamen was about $ 1,000 . 26
H she said diamonds bought in antwerp were priced at about $ 55,000 per carat , with the same quality of diamonds in xiamen at a retail price of about 111,000 yuan . 33
R recently , she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan .
H she has bought 20 % of the purchase price , sold all the diamonds sold , a big profit of $ 200,000 . 37
H she had sold all the diamonds , and had made two hundred thousand dollars a year . 23
H she recently bought the purchase price plus 20 % , the purchase of all the diamonds sold , a large profit of 200,000 yuan . 37
R according to the provisions of the mainland customs , diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods . so such diamond should be declared at entry and exit . otherwise , it shall be classified as smuggling . people may be sentenced to jail .
H according to the mainland customs , diamonds are subject to the items or necessities of the journey , they are the category of goods , they are declared in transit , or they are classified as smuggled , or they may be sent to prison . 58
H according to the customs regulations of the mainland , the goods or necessities of the travel of diamonds are in the category of goods , which are required to declare , otherwise or be smuggled , the situation can be sentenced to imprisonment . 62
H according to the requirements of the mainland customs , diamond non-travellers may be sentenced to imprisonment for their goods or necessities in the course of their journeys and they are subject to declaration at the time of entry and exit or smuggling . 61
R according to foreign media reports , on the 10th day of the month of the local time , the british prime minister 's downing street announced that british prime minister teresa mei will go to switzerland to spend the summer vacation , but did not disclose the specific place .
H british prime minister theresa may will travel to switzerland to spend the summer holidays without disclosing the exact location of the holiday , foreign media reported . 54
H the british prime minister , downing street , announced that british prime minister theresa may was going to spend his summer vacation in switzerland , but did not disclose specific leave sites , media reported . 43
H according to foreign media reports , 10th local time , british prime minister house downing street announced : british prime minister tracy sha may will go to switzerland for the summer vacation , but did not disclose the specific vacation location . 25
R according to some media , after the british referendum off europe , the new british prime minister chose to spend her vacation on the `` neutral country '' , swiss on the european continent . this is symbolic .
H according to media reports , britain 's new prime minister has opted for a `` neutral '' swiss holiday in continental europe on the european continent , after the british referendum took off , with a policy symbolic . 45
H after the british referendum on brexit , the new british prime minister chose to take a holiday in switzerland on the continental european continent , with a certain policy token . 38
H the media said the british new prime minister opted for a `` neutral '' swiss holiday on the european continent after the british referendum took off , with some kind of policy symbolism . 43
R the british `` guardian '' commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the swiss played a role in the choice of the british prime minister 's first resort .
H the british guardian commented that the symbolism represented by switzerland 's neutral state played a role in the choice of the prime minister 's first resort . 19
H the british guardian commented that the symbolic representation of a neutral state in switzerland played a role in the choice of the first resort of the british prime minister . 22
H the british guardian commented that the symbolism represented by the neutral country in switzerland played a role in the choice of the british prime minister 's first resort . 16
R british `` daily telegraph '' commented that teresa mei chose to take a vacation in switzerland . this is the first time that the british prime minister chose to go vacation in swiss after margaret thatcher .
H according to the daily telegraph commented that theresa may chose to take a holiday in switzerland , the first time since her first british prime minister to switzerland for a holiday . 35
H the daily telegraph commented that theresa may chose to spend a holiday in switzerland , which was the first time that the british prime minister went to switzerland for a holiday . 33
H the british daily telegraph commented that tracy sha may chose to go to switzerland for her holiday , the first time a british prime minister went on holiday in switzerland after mrs thatcher . 37
R the choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which blair and cameron , the two male prime ministers like to go to .
H the choice between the two prime ministers and mr blair and mr cameron 's two prime ministers to go to warmer places to make a difference . 29
H the choice between the two women prime ministers and the two male prime ministers of blair and david cameron are in contrast to their holiday in warmer places . 34
H the choice between the two prime ministers and the two prime ministers of blair and cameron , who like to go on holiday in hotter places , contrasts . 32
R it is reported that the new british prime minister teresa mei will return to london on august 24. a series of important work and activities will be waiting for her .
H britain 's new prime minister , theresa may , will return to london on aug. 24 , waiting for a series of important jobs and activities . 29
H the new british prime minister , theresa may , will return to london on august 24 , after which she is waiting for her to be a series of important work and activities . 26
H it is reported that british new prime minister tracy sha may will return to london on august 24 , after waiting for her is a series of important work and activities . 20
R the british parliament will resume on september 5. the subject matter covers the second brexit referendum required by the internet .
H the british parliament will resume the meeting on 5 september , and the debate on the issue includes a second european referendum on the issue . 22
H the british parliament will resume on 5 september , the subject of which includes the online request for a second brexit referendum . 17
H the british parliament will reconvene on september 5 to include a second oupang on the internet . 17
R on june 23 , the british held a referendum for brexit , but the british new prime minister did not want to start the article 50 , which is involved with the lisbon treaty before the end of the year .
H the british referendum decided to take off europe on june 23 , but britain 's the end of the year britain 's new prime minister would not be was reluctant to launch the 50th content of the lisbon treaty by the end of the year . 47
H the british referendum on june 23 decided to leave , but the new british prime minister did not wish to launch the content of paragraph 50 of the lisbon treaty on brexit by the end of the year . 34
H the june 23 british referendum decided to take off europe , but the new prime minister did not want to start the lisbon treaty in the 50th section of the member countries off europe . 32
R there are 1,325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in huangshan . its number and quantity ranked first in anhui province .
H the existing non-material cultural heritage project in huangshan city is 1325 , and the variety and number of people in the province . 30
H huangshan the existing cultural heritage project is 1325 , the type and quantity are the first in the province . 25
H huangshan the existing intangible cultural heritage project 1325 , species and quantity are ranked first in the province . 20
R as the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage , many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations . so the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative .
H because of the non-genetic heritage of the emblem culture is not inherited mainly from , the main dependence on the mouth , many of the non-fatal , the use of digital technology preservation and protection . 67
H because the 传承 of emblem culture is mainly dependent on 口传面授 , many intangible-cultural-heritage-featured are on the verge of loss , and the use of digital technology to preserve and protect is imperative . 51
H because the inheritance of hui culture is mainly dependent on oral face-to-face , many of them are dying , so it is imperative to use digital technology to save and protect . 53
R according to the work plan of the standing committee of the provincial people 's congress this year , the standing committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report , and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development .
H according to the department 's main point of work this year , it is planned to listen to a special job report on the work and to conduct an inquiry into the implementation of the banking supervision law and service local economic development of . 49
H on the basis of the main points of this year 's work of the standing committee , the standing committee is planning to hear a special report on its work and carry out a thematic query on the implementation of the banking supervision act and the service of local economic development . 52
H according to the main points of this year 's work of the npc standing committee , the standing committee plans to hear the special report and to carry out special questions on the implementation of the banking supervision and management law and the local economic development . 35
R in mid-august , the standing committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry .
H in mid-august , hitachi will organize two research teams to participate in the municipal research and prepare for the topic and prepare for the topic . 24
H in mid-august , the standing committee will organize two group to carry out research to prepare for thematic queries . 14
H in mid-august , the standing committee will organize two research teams to conduct research in some municipalities to prepare for the topic . 7
R hua jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the standing committee of the provincial people 's congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries . it is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the provincial people 's congress .
H hua jianhui pointed out that it is a positive exploration of the first of the province is the first time in our province to hear and review special work reports and to conduct thematic inquiries . 64
H it is the first time in our province to hear and consider the report on vertical management and to carry out thematic inquiries . it is the first time in our province to strengthen and expand the supervision of the people 's congress . 53
H huaijianhui pointed out that the provincial committee to listen to and consider the vertical management of special work reports and conduct special inquiries , in our province is the first time , is to strengthen and expand the npc supervision work actively explore . 64
R in the director department of kashi , xinjiang , with the order of the director , the armed police in three regions , namely kashi , hotan and aksu , followed the order quickly , implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone .
H in the direction of the director 's department in kashgar , xinjiang , with a command order from the director , armed police in kashgar , yoshiya and aksu three units quickly followed the directive directive instructions to carry out the operations . 47
H in xinjiang , with the command of the director , the forces of the armed police in kashgar , owada and aksu quickly carried out a mobile assembly in accordance with the suggests directive . 44
H in kashi , xinjiang , the director of the exercise , with the director of the command , the armed police in kashgar , hotan , aksu three troops in accordance with the guidance of the command , the implementation of mobile assembly , to the exercise of combat ground . 50
R china 's mars program is coming
H china 's mars project 4
H china 's mars program has come 4
H china 's mars program is coming 0
R china mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding , landing and patrolling at one time , which has never occurred in foreign countries .
H china 's mars reconnaissance mission has to be carried out around the land , landing and patrol , and this form has never been abroad . 29
H the mission of mars in our country needs to be surrounded , landed and inspected at one time , and this form has never been passed abroad . 30
H the mission of mars exploration in china is to be rounded , landed and inspected at once , and this form has never been in foreign countries . 26
R china 's mars exploration launch target is to step around , land and patrol at one time . such task has considerable difficulty .
H the mission of our mars probe is to take a step around , landing , inspection , and the task is quite difficult . 31
H my country 's mars detection target is a step around , landing , and visiting , the task is very difficult . 26
H the goal of our mars reconnaissance launch is to get around , to land , to patrol , this task is very difficult . 29
R because the mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months , experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first mars probe in 2020 .
H since it takes 26 months for mars to reach a window , experts are working closely on plans to launch the first mars probe in the 2020 window . 27
H as the mars probe is 26 months to meet a time window , experts are working closely on the project to launch our country 's first mars probe in 2020 . 22
H because the mars probe will take 26 months to meet a time window , experts are working on a rigorous engineering plan to launch the country 's first mars probe in the 2020 window . 24
R according to xu dazhe , although china 's aircraft has entered a deep space , it is still essential to finish the task of mars exploration . the detection of mars means that china has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense .
H according to mr xu , although our aircraft has entered deep space , it is still essential to complete mars exploration mission , which means that china is entering the era mars is entering the era of in the real sense of deep space exploration . 42
H according to xu 达哲 , despite the fact that our spacecraft has entered deep space , the completion of the mars exploration mission is indispensable , and the detection of mars means that china is actually entering the era of deep space exploration . 42
H according to hudazhe , although china 's aircraft has entered deep space , but the completion of the mission is still indispensable , detection of mars means that china from the real sense into the deep space exploration era . 31
R `` every two or three years , there is a chance that mars is closest to earth . and at this point , it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle . ''
H `` once every two or three years , mars has a recent chance to launch a mars probe at this point , which is the most economical for the energy of the launch vehicle . '' 28
H `` once every two or three years , mars has a recent opportunity to launch a mars probe at this point in time , which is the most energy source for the launch vehicle . '' 30
H `` every two or three years , there is a chance that mars will be able to launch the mars probe at this point in time , which is the most energy-saving for a launch vehicle , '' he said . 29
R `` taking into account the mass of mars detectors , it will be the job of china 's long march 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission . ''
H `` considering the quality of the mars probe , the launch mission will be carried out by the long march 5 carrier rocket . '' 26
H `` taking into account the quality of the mars detector , it will be carried out by our country 's long march launch vehicle . 24
H `` given the quality of the mars probe , the launch mission will be completed by our china 's long march no . fifth launch vehicle . '' 30
R china 's mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding , landing and patrolling at one time , which has never occurred in foreign countries . there was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries , but the landing failed .
H china 's mars reconnaissance mission has to be carried out to make a landing and landing around , land , and patrol , and this form abroad , and , which has never been seen abroad , but the landing failed . 51
H my country 's mars exploration mission must be surrounded , landed and inspected at a time , and this form has never been done abroad , and it was proposed to be surrounded and landed abroad , but the landing failed . 47
H the mission of mars exploration in china is to be rounded , landed and inspected at once , and this form has never been done abroad , and it has been proposed to be rounded and landed , but the landing failed . 55
R mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas . in particular , although the rover is a space detector , it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector .
H there is a lot of technology involved in mars exploration , and it is also which is unique in that the rover is a space detector , but it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detectors . 26
H most of the technical areas involved in mars detection are that , while rover is a space detector , it has distinctive features compared to the general space detector . 22
H there are many technical areas involved in mars exploration , and , in particular , although the rover is a space detector , it has distinct characteristics compared with the general space probe . 24
R in other words , the mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles .
H in other words , the mars probe is capable of identifying need to be able to have the ability to determine the route of the routes and find the obstacle . 27
H in other words , the mars probe will have the ability to determine the route and detect the obstacles . 18
H that is to say , the mars rover has the ability to determine the route and the danger of discovering obstacles . 28
R according to pang zhihao , a researcher of the fifth institute of china 's aerospace science and technology group , the reason for human being to favor mars exploration is because mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings .
H researcher mark pang , a research fellow at the china space science group , `` said the reason why humans are so keen on mars is because exploration of mars has important scientific and technological implications , and even the future of human beings . 47
H pang researchers , a researcher of the chinese space science and technology group , said human beings are so popular with mars because it has important scientific and technological implications , and even the future of human beings . 40
H part , a researcher at the five academy of china aerospace technology group , said that the reason why humans are so popular with mars exploration is that it has important scientific , technological and other implications , even for the future of mankind . 50
R currently , the mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research . the history of human beings to use space detectors for mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration .
H now mars has become the most highly studied planet with the highest degree of human research beyond earth , and humans have used space probes to carry out nearly all the history of human spaceflight . 39
H now mars has become the planet with the highest level of human research beyond earth , and the history of human use of space detectors for mars is almost across the entire human race . 22
H mars has now become the planet with the highest level of human research beyond earth , and the history of mars exploration by using space probes has been almost throughout the history of human spaceflight . 31
R therefore , the human beings hope that one day on the mars to establish a base of residence , and ultimately to mars immigration , it turned into a second home of mankind .
H as a result , mankind wants one day to build a living base in mars and eventually migrate to mars and turn it into the second home of human beings . 35
H as a result , humanity hopes to build a residence base on mars one day , and eventually move to mars and turn it into the second home of human beings . 38
H as a result , humans hope to build a living base on mars and eventually immigrate to mars , turning it into a second home for mankind . 30
R a large number of signs also show that the mars is likely to be the same as the current earth , only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin , low temperature , water depletion and so on .
H there is a great deal of evidence that mars is likely to be the same as it is today , but only after billions of years of evolution into thin atmosphere , low temperatures and water depletion , etc . 30
H there is a great deal of evidence that mars is likely to be , like the present planet , only after billions of years of evolution to become thin , low temperatures and water depletion . 32
H there are plenty of signs that mars , like the current earth , has only evolved over billions of of years to become thinner , cooler , and drained of water . 42
R therefore , the detection or manned landing on the mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit .
H as a result , exploration or manned landings on mars could make it possible to advance a plan to prevent the earth from becoming the second mars to survive . 34
H as a result , research on detection or manned landing on mars can provide a plan to prevent the planet from becoming the second mars that is difficult to survive . 27
H as a result , exploration or manned landings on mars can be used to prevent the earth from becoming a second mars for human survival . 30
R as of june 2016 , the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations , including 43 mars detection missions .
H as of june 2016 , a total of 114 lunar probes were carried out worldwide , 43 mars exploration . 13
H as of june 2016 , a total of 114 lunar exploration and 43 mars surveys were conducted worldwide . 14
H as of june 2016 , the world conducted 114 lunar probes and 43 martian probes . 13
R however , ever since the 1990s , a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted .
H since the 1990s , however , there have been 18 mars probes , while the lunar exploration has only 14 times . 30
H however , from the 1990s to the present , human beings carried out 18 mars probes , while lunar exploration was carried out only 14 times . 31
H however , since in the 1990 of the 20th century , humans have conducted 18 martian probes , while lunar probes have been conducted only 14 times . 32
R there are currently five mars orbiters and two mars rovers at work , but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work .
H there are currently five mars orbiter and 2 mars rover vehicles working , but only one lunar orbiter and a lunar lander are working . 15
H currently , five mars orbiter and 2 mars rover are working , but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are working . 16
H there are currently 5 mars orbiter and 2 mars rover working , but only a 1-month ball orbiter and a lunar lander are working . 23
R world space powers have developed a detection plan with the mars system as target . so we can see the current mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection .
H the world 's major space-faring countries have developed plans to target the mars system , which shows that today 's mars exploration is hotter than the lunar probe . 40
H the world 's space-faring nations have developed a detection plan aimed at the mars system , which shows that today 's mars detection is hotter than the lunar probe . 33
H the world 's space powers have developed a plan to target the mars system , which shows that today 's mars is hotter than lunar exploration . 30
R on nov. 5 , 2013 , india launched the first mars probe `` mangalian '' , and has become asia 's first country for successful detection of the mars .
H on 5 november 2013 , india launched the first mars probe , `` mangani '' and became the first country in asia to successfully explore mars . 25
H on 5 november 2013 , india launched the first mars probe `` mangalyaan , '' the first country in asia to successfully detect mars . 25
H on november 5 , 2013 , india launched its first mars probe , `` mangarian '' , to become asia 's first successful country to detect mars . 19
R `` mangalian '' is used to study the surface , the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the mars .
H `` mananga '' is used to study martian surface , atmospheric and mineral features explores whether there are methane and life signs on mars . 19
H `` mangalyaan '' is used to study the surface , atmosphere and mineral characteristics of mars , and to explore whether there is methane and signs of life on mars . 13
H `` mangarian '' is used to study the surface , atmosphere and mineral characteristics of mars to see if there are any signs of methane and life on mars . 12
R the hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration .
H the hardest part of this task is that the probe enters the martian atmosphere and the parachute slows down only once 21
H the most difficult place for this task is that the probe enters the martian atmosphere with only one chance of slowdown and parachute slowdown 30
H the hardest part of this mission is that the probe enters the martian atmosphere , with the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration only one chance . 16
R according to sun zezhou , the chief designer of a mars detector of the china aerospace science and technology corporation , the mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges .
H the mission is facing many technical challenges , according to sun ziguhou , a mars rover general designer of the mars probe , the overall division at the china space science group . 43
H the mars reconnaissance mission faces many technical challenges , according to sun 泽洲 , chief designer of the mars detectors of the five of china 's space science and technology group . 35
H the mars reconnaissance mission faces many technical challenges , according to general architect sun , director of the mars probe , five yuan of china aerospace technology group . 39
R the atmospheric pressure of the mars is very low , only 1 % of the earth 's surface atmospheric pressure , with high uncertainty .
H the air pressure on mars is very low , with only 1 per cent of the atmospheric pressure of the earth , with high uncertainty . 16
H the atmospheric pressure of mars is very low , and only 1 % of the earth 's surface pressure is highly uncertain . 10
H the atmospheric pressure on mars is very low , with a high degree of uncertainty , only 1 % of the earth 's surface atmosphere . 17
R scientists have not had a thorough understanding of mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics .
H scientists have not yet been fully grasped the factors such as its change and the nature of the storm . 18
H scientists do not have a thorough understanding of factors such as its changes and the characteristics of the storm . 10
H scientists have not yet got a thorough understanding of the changes and characteristics of storms . 12
R a dust storm similar to the earth 's dust is often formed in the mars in the summer , which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy . so a `` sleep '' mode must be designed for the mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms .
H mars often forms dust storms similar to dust storms in the summer , which leads to a sharp drop in the sun 's rays of sunlight , which must be designed to design a `` dormant '' model to patiently wait for the dust storm to pass . 65
H in summer , mars often produces dust storms similar to the dust of the earth , which will lead to a sharp drop in the sun 's solar energy , which must be designed for rover to wait patiently for the dust storm . 51
H mars often forms dust storms similar to earth 's dust in summer , which can cause a sharp drop in the amount of solar energy the rover receives , and must design a `` dormant '' model for the rover to wait patiently for the dust storm to pass . 53
R at the same time , the martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight , which poses a problem for the energy supply for mars detection .
H at the same time , the martian atmosphere has a reduced effect on solar light , creating problems for the energy supply of mars exploration . 15
H at the same time , the martian atmosphere has a reduction in solar light , which poses a challenge for the energy supply of mars . 13
H at the same time , the martian atmosphere has a reduced effect on solar illumination , which poses a problem for the energy supply that mars detects . 9
R this requires that the detector 's sun wing area to be larger , and need to constantly adjust , and strive to align with the sun direction .
H this requires the probe 's solar wing area to be larger and needs to be constantly tuned to the sun . 17
H this requires the detectors of the probe to be larger , and it needs to be constantly adjusted to work towards the direction of the sun . 28
H this requires that the detector 's solar wing area is larger , and it needs to be constantly adjusted to aim for the sun . 19
R in addition , since the gravity of the mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the moon surface , so the probe requires higher power .
H also , the surface gravity of mars is only 38 percent of the earth , but much more gravity than the surface of the moon , so the probe needs greater power . 24
H also , the surface of mars is only 38 % of the earth , but more gravity than the surface of the moon , so the detector needs more power . 26
H also , mars ' surface gravity is only 38 % that of the earth , but much more than the gravity of the moon 's surface , so the detectors need greater power . 28
R `` the core and the most difficult part of the mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters martian atmosphere . there is just one chance to ensure success . ''
H `` the most difficult and difficult part of the mars exploration mission is the fact that the rover entered the mars atmosphere aerodynamic shape of the martian atmosphere and the slowing of the parachute , with only one chance to ensure success . '' 36
H `` the most central and difficult place for the mars exploration mission is that the probe enters the martian atmosphere in the process of pneumatic and parachute , with only one chance to ensure success . '' 35
H `` the core and hardest part of this mission is the process of the spacecraft 's aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration after it enters the martian atmosphere , with only one chance to ensure success , '' he said . 33
R according to sun ze , it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the earth and the mars is quite large .
H due to the distance between earth and mars , the whole process can not be controlled by the ground , so it must rely on detectors to complete the process , sun said . 41
H according to sun 泽洲 , because the earth is far from mars , the entire process can not be controlled by the ground in real time , so it is necessary to rely on the detector to complete it independently . 46
H sun said that because the earth and mars far away , the whole process can not be real-time control of the ground , so must rely on the detector to do it autonomously . 47
R because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed , the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the mars while landing the mars . however , it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the mars on earth .
H because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed , the deceleration depends on the martian atmosphere , but the martian atmosphere is difficult to simulate . 28
H as there is less propellant to offset that high speed , the slowdown depends on the effects of the martian atmosphere when landing on mars , but the martian atmosphere is difficult to simulate on the ground . 36
H because there are not so many propellants to offset that high speed , the slowdown depends on the martian atmosphere when landing on mars , but the martian atmosphere is hard to simulate on the ground . 37
R pang zhihao said , in general , the way to detect the mars is similar to the way to detect the moon . the entire process is also `` surrounding , landing , patrolling and returning '' to achieve the goal of manned landing on the mars .
H in general , the martian way of detecting mars is similar to the way it probes into the moon , as well as `` around , down , around , back , '' and ultimately achieving the goal of manned landing on mars , says mr. horge . 47
H overall said , in general , the way to detect mars is similar to that of the moon , `` around , fell , drinks , back , '' and ultimately the goal of manned landing on mars . 33
H in general , part said , the way to detect mars is similar to the way the moon is detected , and it is also a `` detour , fall , patrol , return '' to achieve the goal of manned landing on mars . 31
R because the distance between the mars and the earth is larger than that between the moon and earth , it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the mars detection .
H since mars is far more distant from earth than the moon , the exploration of mars needs to grapple with a series of more complicated technological difficulties . 35
H as mars is far away from the earth than the moon , the detection of mars needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties . 26
H since mars is much farther from earth than the moon , exploring mars needs to overcome a series of more complex technical hurdles . 27
R according to taiwanese media reports , lin quan , the head of taiwan 's executive yuan , announced yesterday morning , `` ill-gotten party assets handling regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations '' will take effective since today .
H according to media reports in taiwan , the `` chief executive director of the executive '' lin announced yesterday morning that `` the political parties and its accompanying organizations were the improper acquisition of property handling regulations by the organization had come into effect today . '' 57
H according to taiwan 's media , the `` president of the administration '' announced yesterday morning that `` the regulations on the improper acquisition of property by political parties and their accompanying organizations '' came into effect today . 42
H taiwan 's chief executive , lin quan , announced yesterday morning that the `` political parties and their accompanying organization 's improper acquisition of property regulations '' came into effect today , according to the taiwanese media . 50
R kmt vice chairman zhan qixian said , `` kuomintang , with a hundred years of history , will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility . ''
H the vice president of the nationalist party said mr chiang , vice-chairman , `` a hundred years of history , the commitment and responsibility of society , will not fail . '' 32
H kuomintang deputy , vice president of the kuomintang , said , `` the kuomintang , which has a history of more than a hundred years , has a social commitment and responsibility , not to fail . '' 34
H kmt vice chairman jianghi said , `` a more than 100-year-old kuomintang , with social commitment and responsibility , will not fail in this way . '' 29
R lin quan stressed that if the political party , accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban , the commission will investigate and punish `` according to the law '' .
H mr lam stressed that the commission would be disciplined and disciplined by the , in accordance with its authority investigations of the party , an organisation or trustee , if it had violated regulations such as a political party , an organisation or trustee a ban on disciplinary action. `` 69
H deforestation emphasizes that if the political party , the accompanying organization or the trustee are in violation of the prohibitions imposed by the regulations , the commission will investigate ex officio and `` according to the law . '' 24
H lin quan stressed that if a political party , an affiliated organization or a trustee manager , etc . violate the provisions of the prohibition imposed by the regulations , the commission shall investigate and punish the penalty according to the terms of reference . 38
R lin quan also announced that hong peigen , `` deputy director of the independent '' , will serve as the vice chairman of the ill-gotten party assets settlement committee .
H mr. lam also announced that he would be the deputy chairman of the committee of the cpc committee , which will be served by the deputy director of icac deputy director of integrity . 47
H deforestation also announced the misconduct of the party committee , which will be held by the `` deputy director of agency '' hong kong . 39
H lin quan also announced that the vice-chairman of the party 's production committee would be appointed by hongpegen , deputy director of the icac . 36
R he said that gu lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the ill-gotten party assets handling regulations . the experience of hong peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets .
H he said it was the overwhelming candidate for the committee 's committee , and to borrow from mr. francis bacon in the past to investigate the relevant cases , which would be the basis for the commission 's investigation of the improper party labor case . 67
H he said that account 担任 , who was the misconduct committee of the misconduct committee , was not a candidate , and borrowed the experience of the relevant major cases in the past , and would serve as the basis for the commission to take stock of the relevant cases . 63
H he said that koo as the main committee of the commission is the only candidate , borrowing hongpegen in the past to examine the relevant major cases of experience , will be the committee to inventory the relevant cases of improper party production basis . 63
R zhan qixian said that , as long as there are party assets today , no one will give you social donations . so if the party were all confiscated away , then kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship , `` you will have chance to go when there are no assets . ''
H so long as there is a communist party worker , no one will give you a social donation , and the kuomintang will be able to ask for social support and sponsorship , `` he said . 50
H zhan believes that today , as long as there is a party , no one will give you a social contribution , and if the party has been confiscated , the kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship . 39
H jianghi believes that today , as long as there is party production , no one will give you social donations , if the party produced all confiscated away , the kuomintang just can request social support and sponsorship , `` today really do not have the opportunity to go . '' 37
R zhan qixian also stressed that even if the ill-gotten party assets handling regulations goes into effect and the kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated , the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised , the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch .
H mr jennings also stressed that , even if the party 's production was not fully confiscated and confiscated , leaving the party to zero and the party needed to start from scratch the rest would have to be pledged , allowing the party to return to zero party had not been fully confiscated and confiscated , the party to return to zero . 72
H zhan also stressed that , even after the not regulations were on the road , the kuomintang party had not been completely confiscated and confiscated , and the rest would be promised to donate it to the party , and the party would have to start from scratch . 49
H jianghi also stressed that even if improper party production regulations on the road , the kuomintang party production has not been completely confiscated , confiscated , the rest will still be pledged to give out , so that the party to zero , the party should all start from scratch . 51
R original title : suit launched by `` corridor doctor '' lan yuefeng against cctv host wang zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
H original title : `` corridor doctor '' lang lang v cctv host wang zhiian 's reputation for infringement first trial 21
H original title : `` corridor doctor '' lan v. cctv moderator wang andy against honour violations 23
H original title : `` corridor doctor '' lanne v. cctv moderator wang zhian reputation infringement first instance 20
R the legal evening news : because the cctv host wang zhi'an published his remarks against the `` corridor doctor '' event on microblogging , lan yuefeng brought wang zhi'an and beijing micro dream chuangke network technology co. , ltd. to the court .
H french evening news , cctv host wang zang posted on sina weibo weibo , which has appealed to on sina weibo on sina weibo , which has appealed to the `` corridor doctor '' incident , lan feng and beijing micro chuang chuang networks technology co. lawsuit to the courts for . 60
H law moderator , the cctv presenter wang andy , published a speech on the `` corridor '' event on sina weibo , lan will wang andy and beijing 微梦 techtronic network technology co. ltd. v. the court . 42
H legal evening news because cctv host wang zhian on sina weibo posted on the `` corridor doctor '' incident speech , lanne will wang zhian and beijing micro dream network technology co. , ltd. to court . 32
R yesterday afternoon , haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that wang zhi'an and micro dream company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the lan yuefeng for all the claims .
H yesterday afternoon , haidian court ruled in the case , the verdict determined that wang zhiang and a dream company did not constitute a tort , rejected the peak of the claim . 29
H yesterday afternoon , the haidian court handed down a judgement in the case , which found that wang andy and 微梦 not did not constitute a violation and rejected all of lan 's claims . 38
H yesterday afternoon , the haidian court sentenced the case , the decision that wang zhian and micro-dream company does not constitute infringement , rejected lanne all the litigation request . 26
R at the beginning of 2014 , cctv reporter wang zhi'an found after his survey that although lan yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media , these reports had a lot of false information .
H in early 2014 , wang zhi , there was a lot of cctv reporter , found that , despite the fact that more than 600 days in the hospital corridor had been portrayed as a downtrodden pathos by the media , the reports contained substantial misinformation . 62
H at the beginning of 2014 , cctv reporter wang andy found that although lan 的 in the hospital corridor was shaped by the media as a h hero of the system , there is a lot of false information on these reports . 38
H at the beginning of 2014 , cctv reporter wang zhian survey found that despite more than 600 days in the hospital corridor lanne was portrayed by the media as a system suppressed the tragic hero , but these reports there is a lot of false information . 40
R on march 29 , 2014 , the `` corridor doctor '' program produced by cctv news survey broadcasted .
H on 29 march 2014 , the `` corridor doctor '' produced by the cctv news survey was . 7
H on 29 march 2014 , the cctv news survey produced the `` corridor doctor '' programme . 16
H march 29 , 2014 , cctv news survey produced `` corridor doctor '' broadcast . 14
R all information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by lan yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support .
H there is no evidence to support the various so-called over-medical information that is reported to the media . 23
H there is no evidence to support the various types of so-called information reported to the media by lan . 28
H there is no evidence to support the various so-called lanne medical information reported to the media . 24
R in the microblogging with real-name certification , wang zhi'an also said that the reason for lan yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality '' .
H wang zhi also in the recognition of the micro-blog , described `` lange feng to this step as a , with the reason why the reason of the reason of the reason is the personality , it carries the obvious paranoid personality . '' 62
H wang andy , also in the real weibo , describes the `` character of lan , with obvious 的 personality . '' 42
H wang zhian also in the real-name certification of the microblog , describing `` the reason why lanne to this step is the character , with obvious paranoid personality , etc . `` . 43
R lan yuefeng claimed that wang zhi'an should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100,000 yuan for the mental damage solatium .
H lengfeng is asking wang zhi to remove microblog , to apologize to him and to compensate for the spirit damage of $ 100,000 . 36
H lan asked wang to remove weibo , apologize to him and compensate for the moral damage of $ 100,000 . 32
H lanne request wang zhian delete micro bo , apologize to him and compensation for spiritual damage consolation gold 100,000 yuan . 31
R at the time of the trial , the two sides argued whether wang zhian violated the reputation right of lan yuefeng .
H during the trial at the time , the two sides made a heated debate on whether wang zhi infringed on the right of reputation of the peak . 24
H at the time of the hearing , the two sides carried out a debate on whether wang andy had violated the reputation of lan . 13
H during the trial , both sides debated whether wang zhian violated lanne 's reputation right . 17
R highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of track and field events , the chinese team is quite busy and the women 's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
H 12 days to see : china 's athletics competition team china is very busy with the women 's soccer team for a breakthrough 50
H point kasai china 44
H 12th watch : track and field team china is very busy women 's soccer four bike hope to break 37
R the bicycle game is expected to realize the `` zero breakthrough '' in the olympic gold medal while the women 's world cup girls will challenge germany team , the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four .
H bicycles are expected to achieve a `` zero break , '' and women 's soccer girls will challenge the world champion world champion world champion world champion world champion germany for the first time to the into the gold medal . 51
H the bicycle is expected to achieve a `` zero breakthrough '' for the olympic gold medal , while women 's girls will challenge two world champion german teams , looking forward to off . 32
H the bicycle is expected to achieve the olympic gold medal `` 0 breakthrough '' , while the women 's soccer girl will challenge two world champion germany team , expect upset rushed into the four . 38
R wang zhen was quite outstanding in the two races . he won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this may .
H wang , who won silver medals in the beijing athletics championships last year , and has been for nearly two seasons , the silver medal in the world championships in may this year , went to the world championships . 51
H wang 镇近 's two seasons are prominent , and last year 's world championships in beijing won a silver medal in the world championships in may . 48
H wang town nearly two seasons in the state of prominence , last year 's beijing athletics world championships harvest silver medal , this year may group race walk championships also upgraded individual project champion . 53
R according to foreign media reports , zhang huizhen , the 27-year-old korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women 's archery individual tournament . this is the second scoring of olympic gold medal following the team competition . this made she become a double winner .
H according to foreign media , the 27 year old korean archery actress zhang huying won a gold medal in the women 's archery competition , and , won the olympic gold medal after the team competition , become double champion . 36
H zhang reports , 27 , won a gold medal in the women 's archery personal race , and the olympic gold medal after the group race . 46
H according to foreign media reports , the 27-year-old korean archery female contestant zhang huijin in the women 's archery personal competition won the gold medal , after the team won the olympic gold medal , become double crown king . 41
R zhang huizhen is considered as a late bloomer . she regrets about not winning the last session of the london olympic games tickets before , but now she proudly stands on the top of the rio olympic podium .
H zhang , who was considered to be a late player , had regretted not having tickets for the last olympic games in london games and now proudly stood on the top podium of rio 's olympic games , . 43
H zhang chun was thought to be a late player who regretted that she had not been admitted to the last london olympics and was now proud to stand on the top podium of the rio olympics . 44
H zhang huijin is considered a bloomer player who regrets not getting tickets to the last london olympics but is proudly standing on the top podium of the rio olympics . 31
R zhang huizhen won the gold medal in lisa wenglu , a total score of 6-2 in the women 's archery finals at the samba boulevard in rio de janeiro , brazil .
H zhang wuku won the gold medal in the women 's archery competition at josamba boulevard stadium 6-2 victory over lisa onu , germany , which , won the gold medal in the women 's archery final 6-2 victory over germany 's archery competition at josamba avenue stadium . 56
H zhang lo won the gold medal in the women 's archery individuals final in the avenue stadium in brazil . 26
H zhang huijin won the gold medal in the women 's archery personal finals in the brazilian rio samba avenue stadium , with a total score of 6-2 beats germany 's lisa honrou . 38
R she did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school . she won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. so she is a late bloomer .
H she was first shot at the fourth grade in primary school until 2014 , when the world cup won the first individual gold medal in the world cup , a late competitor . 36
H she first shot at the fourth grade of primary school , until the first gold medal in the world cup tournament in 2014 was a players player . 33
H she first shot archery in grade four , until the 27-year-old 2014 years in the world cup for the first time to win a personal gold medal , is a late player . 48
R zhang huizhen recalled , `` my performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition .
H `` there was no level before high school , so i could n't compete in the country , '' he said . 34
H `` there was no level before secondary school to be able to participate in the national competition , '' zhang lo recalled . 25
H zhang huijin recalls , `` there was no level in high school before , so i could n't compete in the country . '' 34
R zhang huizhen was ranked the fourth at the london olympic games qualification trials . unfortunately , she lost the olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend qi pubei score two gold medals .
H zhang wei , who won only fourth place in the olympic competition four years ago , regrets the olympic ticket , only to watch his colleague and friend win two gold medals . 40
H zhang lo was only fourth in the london olympic games in the london olympic games four years ago , and only a colleague and friend , 奇甫倍 , took two gold medals . 36
H zhang huijin , who won only fourth place in the london olympic games four years ago , regrets losing olympic tickets and just sits down to win two gold medals by his colleagues and friends . 45
R zhang huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women 's individual awards ceremony of archery . `` i tried to shoot one by one until the last . maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented . ''
H at the end of the women 's archery award ceremony , zhang hui spoke of his own golden speech , `` until the end , it is possible that it will bring a good result , and it will be . 60
H zhang lo spoke of his taken speech at the end of the women 's archery individual award ceremony , `` until the end of the day is to shoot archery as much as possible , which may have brought good results and contentment . 59
H zhang huijin in the women 's archery individual contest after the ceremony to talk about their own gold speech , `` until the end is as long as possible to shoot a shot , may be this brings good results , satisfied . '' 56
R the 28-year-old korean archery `` no.1 '' , and the london olympic games archery individual tournament winner qi fubei won the bronze medal .
H south korea , 28 year old korean archery `` one sister '' and the london olympic games archery individual competition won the gold medal winner qi fu won the bronze medal . 20
H 28 奇甫倍 , 28 , won the bronze medal in the london olympic games archery individual gold medal winner . 32
H the 28-year-old south korean archery `` one sister '' , the london olympic archery individual gold medalist won the bronze medal . 14
R qi fubei was defeated by zhang huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the mexican player alexandra valencia .
H cifu lost to zhang huizhen in the semifinals , competing with mexico 's adriano valencia for a bronze medal . 26
H 奇甫倍 lost to zhang lo in the semi-final , with a bronze medal with mexico 's players valencia . 29
H he lost in the semi-final to zhang huijin , with the mexican player arnie alejandro la valencia to start the bronze medal . 32
R qi fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal . at this time , we can know her pressure .
H chifu is trying to make sure the bronze medal is shed after the bronze medal , during which silently suffer the rush of the golden burden imaginable . 39
H 奇甫倍 to ensure that the bronze of the bronze in the field , during which it is conceivable that the hedge burden can be borne in silence . 43
H qi fu times to ensure that the bronze after the tears in the field , in the meantime , silently bear the burden of the gold . 40
R firstly , the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study . secondly , it needs scientific training , which should be accumulated over time .
H the first is that the coaching team has accumulated extensive experience in ongoing research , followed by scientific training methods , which is to be accumulated over the will require long-term accumulation . 34
H first , the team has accumulated rich experience in continuous research , followed by scientific training , which need to be accumulated over the long term . 24
H first of all , the coaching team has accumulated rich experience in continuous research , followed by scientific training methods , which need long-term accumulation . 29
R the archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night .
H archery teams help the players focus and keep their hearts focused on military training and night crossing . 20
H the archery team helps the team to focus and stay normal by means of military training and night crossing of the cemetery . 19
H archery team to the military training , night through the graveyard and other methods to help the team focus and maintain the normal heart . 31
R although not yet confirmed , it is said by many sources that apple 's 2016 autumn conference will be held in september , and iphone7 would really be launched into the market .
H although it has not yet been confirmed , many sources say that apple 's 2016 fall will be held in september , and the iphone 7 really coming . 22
H despite the fact that it has not been confirmed , many news sources say apple 's fall in 2016 will be held in september , and iphone7 is really coming . 28
H although it has not yet been confirmed , many sources say that apple 's 2016 autumn conference will be held in september , and iphone7 is coming . 17
R although apple did not respond , there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iphone . there are even the images of iphone7 `` real machine model '' on the internet .
H although apple did not respond , the new iphone 's function , configuration has been released , and even the iphone 7 `` real model '' picture . 33
H although apple has not responded , the new iphone 's functions and configurations have been released , even on the internet . 37
H although apple did not respond , but the new iphone features , configuration has been the release of news , and even the online iphone7 `` real machine model '' pictures have . 33
R the new generation of iphone is really `` eye-catching '' , hot and hard-to-get . if you want to buy the genuine product at the first time , you must choose a good channel , for example , suning .
H a new generation of iphone is an `` all over the world '' , hot , hot , rich and cash-free ... if you want to buy the first time , choose a good channel , say , sunning . 34
H the new generation of iphone is `` attention , '' hot , tight , and there . if you want to buy the real goods first , you must choose a good channel , like , suning . 26
H the next generation of iphone is a `` great attention '' , hot , tight , rich , no goods ... if you want to buy authentic , you must choose a good channel , for example , suning . 32
R this has exacerbated people 's disappointment of the new iphone , `` it is lengthened , but can not be used to cast holographic images ! this generation of iphone is so terrible . ''
H this adds to the disappointment of the new mobile phone , `` it 's longer , but it does n't project hologram ! this generation of iphone is terrible . '' 32
H this has exacerbated the disappointment of new mobile phones , `` it has been extended , but no holographic images can be projected ! '' the iphone is worse. `` 36
H this has exacerbated people 's disappointment with the new phone , `` it lengthened , but could not project holograms at all ! '' this generation of iphones sucks . 27
R iphone7 , just like other iphones , brings countless secret before birth .
H the iphone 7 , like the other iphones , was preceded by countless secrets before birth . 12
H iphone7 , like the other iphone , is accompanied by countless anecdotes . 12
H iphone7 , like other iphones , accompanied with countless secrets before birth . 6
R in addition , there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iphone will have the 3.5mm headphone jack cancelled , and adopt bluetooth connection and charging interface instead , which will provide space for apple to add a second speaker .
H in addition , a number of sources claim that a new generation of iphone will cancel the 3.5 mm earphone interface , with a bluetooth connection and a charging interface , which will add space to the second speaker to apple . 31
H in addition , there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iphone will cancel the 3.5 mm headphones interface to a bluetooth connection and charging interface , which will provide a space for apple to add a second speaker . 17
H in addition , there are several sources claiming that the next-generation iphone will cancel the 3.5mm headphone connector and instead use the bluetooth connection and charging interface , which will provide space for apple to add a second speaker . 19
R another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014 , apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface .
H another evidence to support this news is that apple has allowed earphone manufacturers to manufacture headphone products that are connected to a charging interface as early as 2014 . 26
H another evidence to support the news is that in 2014 apple allowed headphones to produce headphones products connected to the charging interface . 20
H another piece of evidence to support the news is that , as early as 2014 , apple allowed headphones makers to produce headphones that were connected by a charging interface . 22
R another evidence to confirm this message is that apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface .
H the news or true or false , the answer until apple 's 2016 fall will be announced . 36
H these messages are either real or false , the answer will not be known until apple 's fall in the fall of 2016 . 40
H the news is true or false , and the answer will not be revealed until apple 's 2016 fall launch . 39
R whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 apple autumn conference .
H but that does n't discourage insiders from looking at the iphone 7 - many believe the iphone 7 will likely be the last big upgrade of apple 's iphone series . 42
H but this does not prevent the industry from looking at the prospect of iphone7 - many believe that iphone7 will be likely to be the last big upgrade of apple 's iphone series . 43
H but that does not prevent the industry from bullish on iphone7 's prospects – many believe iphone7 will likely become apple 's last big upgrade to the iphone series . 42
R but this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iphone7 - many people think that iphone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of apple 's iphone series , although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution idc that the market share of iphone will decline to some degree .
H the iphone market share has declined , according to data released recently by idc , a market research firm . 67
H the market share of the iphone has declined , despite the recent data published by market idc . 61
H the market share of the iphone has slipped , although data from idc , a recent market research agency , have been reported . 69
R among them , goldman sachs ranked apple 's stock to be the rating of `` buying '' while bmo analyst thought that iphone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement .
H among them , goldman retained apple 's shares `` buy '' rating , while analysts at bmo say the iphone 7 will reap a historic sales record . 31
H among them , goldman maintained the `` buy '' rating of apple 's shares , while bmo analysts believed that iphone7 would reap a historic sales record . 33
H goldman sachs has maintained a `` buy '' rating for apple 's shares , while bmo analysts say iphone7 will reap a historic sales performance . 37
R meanwhile , broadcom ceo hock tan also said that apple 's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 % , which is entirely due to the introduction of iphone7 .
H meanwhile , the company 's chief executive , hock wolf , also said apple 's future revenue growth could be more than 20 % , thanks to the iphone 7 . 26
H at the same time , botong ceo , ceo of botong , also said apple 's future revenue increase would be more than 20 % , and this would benefit entirely from the launch of iphone7 . 31
H at the same time , hock tan , ceo of bo tong , said apple 's future revenue growth could be more than 20 % , thanks to the iphone7 launch . 26
R 7 % of respondents said they have the plan to buy iphone7 , while only 4 % people had the plan to buy iphone6 .
H seven percent of the respondents said they had plans to buy the iphone 7 , compared with just 4 percent of the original iphone six years ago . 33
H seven % of respondents indicated that they had the intention of buying iphone7 , and only 4 % of the number of people planned to buy iphone6 two years ago . 26
H 7 % of respondents said they had plans to buy iphone7 , compared with only 4 % of the number of people who planned to buy iphone6 two years ago . 20
R it is understood that currently 20 % of user groups of iphone6 or 6plus have such a plan to purchase iphone7 . this is a quite high proportion .
H it is understood that 20 per cent of users currently holding the iphone 6 or 6plus plan to buy the iphone 7 , a very high percentage . 31
H it is understood that 20 % of the user groups currently holding iphone6 or 6 are planning to purchase iphone7 , a fairly high proportion . 19
H it is understood that currently holds iphone6 or 6plus user groups have 20 % plans to purchase iphone7 , which is a fairly high proportion . 21
R secondly , according to expert analysis , most of the iphone fans like to replace their own iphone mobile phone .
H second , experts have analyzed that expert analysis , most fruit powders prefer to replace their iphone cell phones for the next generation . 25
H second , there is an expert analysis that most of the apple prefer skipped-generation to change their iphone . 22
H second , with expert analysis , most of the fruit powder likes to replace their own iphone . 13
R according to statistics , among all iphone users , about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years . that is , almost 120 million users of iphones have been using the same iphone for 2 years .
H according to statistics , about 26 percent of all iphone users have not changed their mobile phones for two years , meaning that nearly 120 million users have spent of the iphone 's iphone has been used for two years . 34
H according to statistics , about 26 % of all iphone users have not changed their mobile phones for two years , or about 120 million users have been using the iphone for two years . 21
H according to statistics , of all iphone users , about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years , that is , almost 120 million of users of the iphone has been used for 2 years . 13
R according to media , taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iphone7 . `` the destruction of tsmc production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iphone7 . ''
H according to media reports , during the iphone 7 production , which had been hit by a number of taiwan suffered a number of earthquakes , `` the destruction of to tsm-generating facilities exceeded imagination and could have an impact on the initial iphone 7 supply . '' 43
H according to the media , there were several earthquakes in taiwan during the production of iphone7 , `` tsmc production facilities have been damaged beyond imagination and may have an impact on the initial iphone7 supply . '' 23
H the media said that during the iphone7 production , taiwan suffered several earthquakes , `` tsmc 's production facilities were more damaged than imagined , and could have an impact on the initial iphone7 supply . '' 41
R supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user , so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iphone7 for the first time .
H supply and demand can affect the average user , it is time to choose a good channel , the first time at low prices to start the original iphone 7 . 20
H the contradiction of supply and demand can affect ordinary users , it is time to choose a good channel , the first time to start the real iphone7 . 24
H the contradiction between supply and demand will affect ordinary users , it is time to choose a good channel , the first time low price to start the authentic iphone7 . 24
R according to informed sources , recently , suning executives and apple frequently meet , with the purpose to prepare adequate supply .
H recently , su ning 's , a person familiar with the matter , mr. suin has met with apple in order to prepare enough supplies , according to people familiar with the matter . 42
H according to people familiar with the matter , in the near future , suning senior and apple have met frequently in order to prepare for sufficient supplies , according to people familiar with the matter . 34
H according to people familiar with the information , recently , suning high-level and apple company frequently meet , the purpose is to prepare sufficient supply . 16
R operators have negotiated with suning . so it is foreseeable that , with the depth of cooperation between the two sides , lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users .
H the operator has agreed have already negotiated with sunning and can foresee that with the depth of cooperation between the two sides , it will inevitably bring lower price and more thoughtful service . 32
H the operator has already negotiated with suning , and it is foreseeable that , with the depth of cooperation between the two sides , it is bound to bring lower prices and more intimate services to the user . 21
H operators have talked with su ning , it can be foreseen that , with the depth of cooperation between the two sides will inevitably bring lower prices and more intimate services to users . 20
R `` with the lowest price , the consumer may `` buy iphone7 with just 7 yuan per day '' .
H `` at the lowest price , consumers may be able to buy the iphone 7 '' for $ 7 a day. `` 25
H `` at the lowest price , the consumer may be able to buy iphone7 for only seven yuan a day . '' 17
H `` the lowest price , the consumer may be ' just 7 yuan a day , you can buy iphone7 . '' 17
R adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iphone7 buying . suning 's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience .
H abundant supply and a variety of concessions , let the purchase of the iphone 7 no longer `` pressure mountain big , '' while su ning 's logistics , it will become a more intuitive experience . 39
H adequate supply and variety of preferences , so that the purchase of the iphone7 is no longer `` pressure mountains , '' and the suning logistics will make it more intuitive . 37
H sufficient supply and diversity of concessions , so that the purchase of iphone7 no longer `` pressure '' , and suning 's logistics , it will make this beautiful into a more intuitive experience . 35
R maybe you 'll get a call at midnight . `` hello , suning tesco , your iphone7 is here . ''
H maybe you 'll get a phone call in the middle of the night , 'hello , sunning , and your iphone 7. `` 27
H maybe you 'll get a phone call in the middle of the night , `` hello , suning patchy , your iphone7 is coming . '' 15
H perhaps , you will receive the phone at midnight , `` hello , suning easy to buy , your iphone7 arrived . '' 21
R the organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition , thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples .
H organizers hope to promote the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples through the cultural heritage exhibition , so that local people will learn more about the ancient chinese culture . 42
H the organizers hope to make the local people more aware of a long history of chinese culture , thereby enhancing mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples . 17
H the organizers hope that through the cultural relics exhibition , the local people will know more about the history of chinese culture , so as to enhance mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples . 22
R as part of the european tour , barcelona 's `` ming dynasty heritage exhibition '' will continue until early october .
H barcelona 's `` cultural heritage show '' ming dynasty heritage exhibition `` is part of the european tour and will continue until early october . 23
H barcelona 's `` ming dynasty '' is part of the european tour , which will continue until the beginning of october . 21
H the `` ming dynasty cultural relics exhibition '' in barcelona is part of the european tour , which will last until the beginning of october . 28
R yesterday , huaxia bank and shanghai pudong development bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. in the second quarter , china securities finance corporation limited ( csfc ) will once again buy their shares .
H china bank and pudong bank yesterday issued a report of the second quarter of china 's shares increased its 2016 annual report , the second quarter to increase its stake . 44
H chinese bank , pudong bank yesterday released the 2016 years report , and in the second quarter , equity-market out added its shares . 42
H huaxia bank , pu fat bank yesterday issued 2016.5 annual report , two in the second shot to increase its shares . 42
R among them , csfc will hold an additional 29.2931 million shares of huaxia bank . by the end of june , csfc will increase its shares of huaxia bank to 387 million shares , raising its shares of huaxia bank from 3.35 % to 3.62 % .
H among them , huijin added 29.29.31 million shares to the chinese bank , which rose to 3.87 million shares , and the share of by the end of june , and 3.35 per cent from 3.35 per cent to 3.62 per cent . 60
H by the end of june , 中证金 had increased to 3.87 million shares by the end of june , and the share of its shares increased from 3.35 % to 3.62 % . 44
H among them , the jinzhan holding huaxia bank 29.2931 million shares , to the end of june , the chinese securities holdings of china 's bank shares increased to 387 million shares , accounting for its share ratio from 3.35 % to 3.62 % . 41
R according to the estimates of china merchants securities , deducted from the shares , csfc will hold another 38 million shares of pudong development bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares , which account for 2.77 % of the bank shares .
H in addition , brokerage securities were measured , the deduction was increased , and also increased its holdings of 338 million shares , with its shares rising to nearly 600 million shares , accounting for 2.77 per cent of pudong 's shares . 57
H in addition , according to china merchants securities , in the second quarter of the second quarter , it also added 38 million shares in the second quarter of the second quarter , and its share increased to nearly 600 million shares , accounting for 2.77 % of the shares of the pudong bank . 46
H in addition , according to the calculation of investment securities , the deduction was increased , and the two-quarter increase in the hong kong bank 38 million shares , holding the number of shares to nearly 600 million shares , the share of the pudong bank shares of 2.77 % . 60
R recently , shizi bang hebo park , zhengfu village , tongxiang city , zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally .
H in recent days , zhengpo park , zhejiang province , is officially open to villagers and tourists in fuzhou . 22
H recently , the 荷博园 of city county , zhejiang province , is officially open to villagers and tourists . 19
H recently , zhejiang province tongxiang zheng fu lion bang park is officially open to villagers and tourists . 22
R composed of more than 100 circular small ponds , the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus , water lilies and so on .
H the park is made up of more than 100 round small ponds , planting about 300 species of ornamental lotus , water lilies , etc . 24
H grey consists of more than 100 round small ponds , planting about 300 species of ornamental lotus , water lilies , etc . 21
H the garden is made up of more than more than 100 round small ponds , planting about 300 species of ornamental lotus , water lily and so on . 23
R rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing , with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages .
H the village lotus industry combines ornamental , leisure and economic benefits , as a bright spot for local of the new rural development . 28
H the rural lotus industry is a bright spot for the new rural development . 22
H the rural lotus industry has both ornamental , recreational and economic benefits , which has become a bright spot for the development of local new countryside . 19
R according to foreign media reports , the `` green pool '' incident of rio olympic games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green .
H according to foreign media reports , the `` green pool '' incident in rio , due to the diving pool water from blue to green , has attracted attention recently . 20
H according to media , the `` green pool '' of the rio olympics has recently attracted attention since the diving pool from blue to green . 19
H according to foreign media reports , because the pool pool water from blue to green , rio olympic `` green pool '' incident recently attracted outside attention . 31
R however , on the morning of the 10th day of the month , the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green .
H on the morning of 10 , however , the water from the pool adjacent to the pool turned green . 16
H however , on the morning of 10 morning , water in the water polo pool adjacent to the diving pool became green . 19
H on the morning of 10th , however , the water in the pool of polo matches adjacent to the diving pool turned green . 18
R australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears .
H the australian water polo player said after the match that his eyes stung and he tried to shed tears . 13
H the australian polo player said he had a sting in his eyes and tried to shed tears after the match . 18
H the australian water polo player after the match said his eyes were stinging and wanted to shed tears . 14
R previously , rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening , and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete 's health .
H earlier , rio officials confirmed that the water changed green in the pool and indicated that the water was discoloration was weakened because of the of the due to the weakening of alkaline , which would not affect athletes ' health . 36
H in the past , the officials of the rio olympics confirmed the become of the pool of water and said that the water of the pool was due to the alkaline of the alkaline , which did not affect the physical health of the athletes . 40
H earlier , the olympic official officials confirmed the water green situation , and that the water color is due to alkaline weakening , will not affect the athlete 's health . 20
R however , after australian players achieved success with the japanese delegation in the water polo pool , they said their eyes felt pricking .
H but australian athletes have been stung by the fact that they have been able to compete with the japanese team in the water polo pool . 30
H but the australian athlete , after winning a game with the japanese team in the water polo pool , said his eyes were tingling . 21
H but australian athletes , after winning a match with the japanese team in the water polo pool , said their eyes were stinging . 18
R when the water of diving pool turned green , the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month .
H at the earliest , the organizers worked overtime on the night of 9 on the night of the diving pool , but found the color of the water polo pool pool changed rapidly in the morning of 10 . 48
H as early as the diving pool was green , the organizers were working on the diving pool on the evening of 9 p.m. , but it was found that the color of the water polo pool had changed rapidly on the morning . 55
H the first time in the diving pool to turn green , the competition organizers on 9th night to deal with the problem of the pool , but on the morning of 10th found that the color of water balloons also changed rapidly . 56
R during the competition period of the australia and japanese team , the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened , but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month .
H the environmental conditions of the water polo pool deteriorated during the australian and japanese games , but officials stressed that they would restore the water 's water quality to the original color on 11 november . 48
H the environmental conditions of the water polo pool gradually deteriorated during the competition between australia and japan , but officials stressed that they would return the water quality of the two swimming pools to the original color on 11 november . 40
H the environmental conditions of the water polo pool deteriorated gradually during the australian and japanese competitions , but officials stressed that they would revert to the original colours of the two pools on 11th . 40
R mario andrada , the spokesman of rio olympic games said , `` the alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon '' .
H `` the level of alkaline water in the diving pool was first weakened early yesterday afternoon , '' said mario andrada , a spokesman for rio 's olympic games . 37
H `` the water alkaline level in the diving pool was first weaker yesterday afternoon , '' said andrada andrada , a spokesman for the rio olympic games . 36
H `` yesterday afternoon , the water alkalinity of the diving pool weakened first , '' said mario andrada , a spokeswoman for the olympic games , andrada . 40
R `` we learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality . ''
H `` we have learned a series of factors that may cause the discoloration of the pool and the alkaline of water quality of the water . '' 17
H `` we are aware of a range of causes that may trigger the color of the pool and the containing of water quality . '' 21
H `` we understand a series of causes that may cause water discoloration and the alkalinity of its quality . '' 12
R the water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality , and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. ``
H water sports center has conducted a series of tests on water quality , and hundreds of divers and swimmers used swimming pools to determine the standard of water conditions to meet standards. `` 15
H water sports centres carried out a series of tests of water quality , and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the pool to determine the quality of water quality. `` 14
H a series of tests on water quality were conducted at the aquatics centre , with hundreds of divers and swimmers using the pool to determine the water quality standards . 22
R `` we have been following the normal procedure these days , but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality . ''
H `` we have been walking normal procedures these days , but we may have overlooked the more possible impact of athletes are likely to have an impact on water quality . '' 14
H `` we have been taking normal procedures these days , but we may lose sight of the more possible impact of athletes on water quality . '' 13
H `` we 've been going through normal procedures these days , but we may have overlooked the impact that the more athletes may have on water quality . '' 14
R `` but the change in water color certainly has no effect on health , especially for athletes . ''
H `` but water color changes are sure to be good for health , especially for athletes . '' 15
H `` but the change in the color of water must have no effect on health , especially for athletes . '' 8
H `` but changes in the color of the water are certainly not affecting the health of the body , especially the athlete . '' 23
R `` this independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool . ''
H `` the independent team confirmed our assessment and confirmed the measures we took to restore the pool to normal colors and normal chemistry in the pool . '' 18
H `` this independent team has confirmed our assessment and the measures we have taken to restore normal color and normal chemistry to the swimming pool . 13
H `` the independent team confirmed our assessment and affirmed the steps we took to restore the pool to normal color and normal chemical status . '' 16
R `` we had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning , but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain . ''
H `` we had hoped that the pool would get back to normal in the morning , but the speed of recovery was affected . '' 7
H `` we would have hoped that the swimming pool would return to normal color in the morning , but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain . 6
H `` we had hoped that the morning pool would return to normal colours , but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain . '' 6
R according to taiwan 's `` the central news agency '' , one jail in the suburb of the manila area saw a bombing event , resulting in the death of 10 prisoners , including two chinese , and the injury of the warden .
H according to the taiwan central news agency , a prison in a suburb of metro manila yesterday caused the death of the governor , resulting in the death of the governor of the death of the governor and the death of 10 prisoners , reportedly including two chinese nationals . 49
H according to taiwan 's central society , an explosion last night in a prison in the metro manila region resulted in the injury of the governor and the death of 10 prisoners , which reportedly included two chinese . 47
H according to a report by taiwan 's `` central society '' , the 1 prisons in the damani area were hit by an explosion yesterday night , causing the warden to be injured and 10 prisoners dead , including 2 chinese . 48
R according to the abs-cbn television , the event occurred at paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night , but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today .
H the-cbn reported that the incident occurred at paranagua prison at around 9 p.m. last night in paranagua prison , but the police did not present a preliminary statement until 2 a.m. today . 29
H abs-cbn television reported that the incident took place at the 帕拉纳圭市 prison at about 9 p.m. last night , but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 a.m. today . 29
H cbn television reported that the incident took place around 9 o'clock last evening in palanagui ( paranaque ) prison , but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 o'clock in the morning today . 31
R the police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters , but the two sides mistime their marks . a prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion .
H the police said that the 10 prisoners were asked to see the prison director and complained about the transfer , but there was no speculation on both sides , and that the prisoners threw grenades and caused the explosion . 29
H the police said the 10 prisoners had approached the governor and complained about the issue , but the two sides were not speculative , with prisoners throwing grenades and causing an explosion . 30
H police said that the 10 inmates sought the warden , complained about the relocation , but the two sides ernest , there are prisoners throwing grenades , the explosion occurred . 34
R the jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners , but according to the gma television station , there were two chinese .
H the prison authorities have not yet released the names of the dead prisoners , but the gma television reports , including two chinese nationals . 15
H the prison authorities have yet to publish the names of the deceased prisoners , but gma reported that it included two chinese . 23
H the prison party has not yet published the names of the dead prisoners , but gma television reported that it included 2 chinese . 18
R as of 8 a.m. , the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement , including how the prisoners get grenades .
H as of 8 a.m. , the prison authorities had not provided detailed instructions , including how the prisoners had been given a hand grenade . 16
H as at 8 a.m. , the prison authorities had not provided detailed explanations , including how prisoners had access to grenades . 15
H as at 8 o'clock in the morning , the prison party had not provided detailed instructions , including how the prisoners had obtained grenades . 25
R yesterday , the central philippine police entered the prison of leyte area , killing a torturer who `` attempted assaulting the police '' .
H yesterday , the central philippines police entered the district prison in of reittai , killing one `` attempt to attack the police . '' 18
H yesterday , central philippine police entered the district prison in 雷伊泰省 ( leyte ) , killing an `` victim . 19
H yesterday , philippine central police entered the leyte district prison , killing 1 `` attempted assaulting the police '' of the prisoners . 15
R urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
H urumqi registered travel passenger market operations travel agent , the business order travel agency must contract with tourists 23
H urumqi norms tourism market travel must contract 16
H urumqi standardize the business order of tourist market the travel agency must sign the contract with the visitor 19
R currently , xinjiang has entered peak tourist season . in order to regulate the management order of tourism fit market , yesterday urumqi city tourism law enforcement detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of urumqi transportation authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism fit market , and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists .
H now that xinjiang has entered the tourist season in order to regulate , to regulate the market order travel and travel and travel law enforcement branch of the city of urumqi , the law enforcement branch of the city of urumqi yesterday did not regulate tourist vehicles . 76
H at present , xinjiang has entered the tourist season , in order to regulate the market business order of the tourism industry , and the urumqi law enforcement team in the city of urumqi , the enforcement law enforcement team , did not regulate the tourist car in the fit market yesterday . 67
H at present , xinjiang has entered the tourist season , in order to standardize the operation of the tourist market , the law enforcement detachment of the urumqi tourism law enforcement detachment and the joint city transport administration bureau yesterday was not standardized for the tourist vehicles existing in the bulk guest market , and the travel agency and the tourists signed the low contract rate . 67
R at 8 o'clock of yesterday morning , around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the kempinski hotel . these vehicles are mostly individual group that went for tianchi one day tour .
H at 8 : 00 yesterday morning , about 10 large buses filled with tourists were parked around kibinski hotel , mostly travelling to the skypool for a one-day tour of the city of the city . 37
H at eight o'clock yesterday morning , around 10 bus were parked around the kempinski hotel , most of which were the 散客团 of a day trip to lake tianchi . 35
H at eight o ' clock yesterday morning , about 10 buses filled with tourists were parked around the kempinski hotel , most of which were a tianchi tour . 26
R `` hello , i am from the urumqi city tourism bureau . did you sign with the travel agency ? ''
H `` hello , i am the this is urumqi tourism bureau , you signed a contract with the travel agent ? '' 13
H `` hello , i 'm the urumqi tourist board . you signed the contract with this travel agency ? '' 16
H `` hello , i am urumqi tourism bureau , you signed a contract with this travel agency ? '' 12
R yu bin , the working staff of law enforcement detachment of urumqi transportation authority explained , `` the foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in urumqi market , but they did not have qualification . ''
H yu bin , an officer of the law enforcement branch law enforcement branch of urumqi city of urumqi , said : `` the off-site tour bus also operates a tourist transport project in urumqi market , which is projects , not qualified . '' 43
H relocation enforcement , a staff member of the enforcement law enforcement team , said : `` relocation travel cars and cars in the urumqi market operate tourist passenger projects , without qualification . '' 45
H urumqi transport management bureau of law enforcement detachment staff yu bin introduction : `` the long-distance coach also has the class line vehicle in urumqi market to operate the traveling passenger transport project , does not have the profession qualifications . '' 55
R `` a fine of 30,000 to 100,000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope . the driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay rmb 2,000 for fine . ''
H `` it 's for this penalty three to 100,000 a fine , the driver has no qualifications to practice is the scope of the scope of the qualification certificate is 2,000 yuan fine . '' 49
H `` out-of-scope runs a fine of three to 100,000 of this penalty , and the driver does not have a certificate of employment is a fine of 2,000 yuan . '' 40
H `` ultra-range operation for this penalty of three to 100,000 fine , the driver does not have the qualification certificate is 2000 yuan fine . '' 39
R it is reported that the urumqi city tourism law enforcement department has investigated the places including west park and hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized .
H it is understood that the former city of urumqi tourism law enforcement has carried out inspections of places such as west park and red mountain . 25
H it is understood that the urumqi tourism law enforcement department had conducted inspections of the areas of the tourism industry , such as west park and hongshan . 25
H it is understood that the urumqi tourism law enforcement department has been to the west park , hongshan and other tourist scattered places in the center of the inspection . 25
R after integrating the inspection twice , ma qi , the deputy head of urumqi city tourism law enforcement detachment said that , `` safety first , norm second . no small matters for the travel vehicles . and people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions . ''
H `` the first is safety , the second is the norm , the travel vehicle is no small matter , once the problem is caused by mass injury , '' said marge , deputy leader of the tourism law enforcement bureau in urumqi city . 80
H `` the first is security , the second is the norm , the travel vehicle is no small matter , once the problem is a group of hurt . '' 63
H comprehensive two times of inspection , urumqi tourism law enforcement detachment deputy team leader mackinaw said : `` the first is security , the second is norms , tourism vehicles no small matter , once the problem is a group of injury . '' 61
R `` the management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists . ''
H `` we continue to inspect the market for the market and regulate the car behavior of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists . '' 23
H `` we , together with tubal , continue to inspect the market and regulate the travel of travel agents to ensure the safety of tourists . '' 28
H `` we and the operation of the joint ongoing market inspection , standardize the travel agency car behavior to ensure the safety of tourists . '' 25
R on the morning of august 12 , the state council information office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in july 2016 .
H on the morning of 12 august , the state council information office held a press conference on the national economy running in july 2016 . 6
H on the morning of 12 august , the state council office held a press conference on the functioning of the national economy in july 2016 . 5
H on the morning of august 12 , the state council news office held a press conference on the operation of national economy in july 2016 . 3
R sheng yunyun , spokesman of national bureau of statistics and head of national economic statistics division said that , in july , the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range .
H a spokesman for the national bureau of statistics , a spokesman for the national bureau of statistics department , said that in july , some of the national economic integration statistics department economic indicators of the national economy slowed somewhat , but still remained in reasonable range . 41
H national information , a spokesman for the national bureau of statistics and the director of the integrated national statistics division , said that in july , the economic component of the national economy slowed down , but still operated in a reasonable range . 27
H laiyun , director of national bureau of statistics and statistics , said that in july , some indicators of the national economy slowed down , but still operating in a reasonable range . 26
R according to the data of national bureau of statistics , the fixed asset investment growth , total imports and other data in july have come down .
H figures released by the national bureau of statistics showed that growth in fixed-asset investment and total imports in july fell . 24
H data released by the national bureau of statistics show that data on the growth of fixed assets and total imports in july have fallen . 26
H statistics released by the national bureau of statistics show that july fixed assets investment growth , total imports and other data fell . 20
R sheng laiyun said , as for the national economy in july , i would like to use the words of premier , `` the shape is volatile and the potential is still good '' . this is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in july .
H for the national economy in july , i would like to borrow a phrase that the prime minister once described as `` volatile and still good , '' which i would like to borrow from the prime minister is better summarize the characteristics of the economic operation of in the characteristics of the economic operation of july . 49
H with regard to the functioning of the national economy in july , i would like to borrow from the prime minister a word `` shape , potential , , '' which can provide a better overview of the economic performance of july . 50
H laiyun said that on the national economy in the july , i would like to borrow the words of the prime minister has said that `` the shape of volatility , the trend is still good '' , which can better summarize the characteristics of the july economic operation . 37
R he explained that `` the shape of the fluctuations '' refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in july .
H he explained that `` volatility '' refers to the fact that part of july 's economic growth is actually slowing down . 24
H he explained that `` shape '' means that the growth of some economic indicators in july is indeed a decline . 18
H he explained that `` form fluctuation '' means that some of the growth rate of economic indicators in july did fall . 23
R in july , the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment , the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected , so the export pressure is still relatively heavy .
H because the economy is still in deep adjustment in july , the international situation is so complicated and complicated that the recovery of the world economy is not expected , so export pressure is still relatively large . 29
H as the economy is still in deep adjustment in july , the international situation is complex and volatile , and the world economy recovers less than expected , so the export pressure is still larger . 19
H since july domestic and foreign economy is still in the depth adjustment , the international situation is complex and changeable , the world economy recovery is not expected , so the export pressure is still relatively big . 19
R as for the domestic situation , the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment , adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure , so some indicators are still fluctuating .
H from the domestic situation , the whole economy is still at the critical stage of adjustment , the pain of adjustment is released , the economy faces considerable downward pressure on the economy , so some indicators fluctuate . 29
H in the domestic context , the economy is still at the critical stage of adjustment , the pain of the adjustment is released , the economy is facing low downward pressure , so some of the indicators are somewhat volatile . 31
H from the domestic situation , the whole economy is still at the critical stage of adjustment , the pain of adjustment is released , the economy is facing a big downward pressure , so some of the indicators are somewhat volatile . 28
R sheng laiyun pointed out that there was a special case in july , with serious floods , high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas .
H it also noted that there was a special situation in july , when the floods were more severe , with a number of and that the in the heat and hot weather had some impact on production operations in some areas . 37
H full pointed out that there was a special situation in july , where floods were more serious , and the high temperature and hot weather had some impact on the production and operation of some areas . 18
H laiyun pointed out that there is a special situation in july , the flood disaster is more serious , high temperature and heat weather on some areas of production and operation has brought some impact . 27
R according to the recent report of the ministry of civil affairs , more than 60 million people were affected , with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan .
H according to the recent release of the ministry of civil affairs recently , more than 60 million people affected the country , with a direct economic losses exceeded $ 200 of more than 20 billion yuan . 12
H according to the recent release of the ministry of civil affairs , more than 60 million people in the country have been affected by a direct economic loss of over 200 billion yuan . 17
H according to the ministry of civil affairs recently released the situation , more than 60 million people nationwide disaster , direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan . 13
R from the view of industrial , investment and transport-related indicators , these areas are affected to varying degrees .
H from industrial , investment and transport indicators , these areas are affected by varying degrees . 7
H in terms of industrial , investment and transport-related indicators , these areas have been affected to varying degrees . 8
H from the relevant indicators of industry , investment and transportation , these areas are affected in varying degrees . 12
R the cargo turnover growth rate in july fell back 3.6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic .
H in july , the volume of turnover in the goods in july was down 3.6 percentage points over the previous month , with a certain impact on traffic in these areas . 31
H in july , the volume of cargo turnover rose 3.6 percentage points from last month , and the floods had a certain impact on the traffic in these areas . 27
H in july , the volume of goods turnover slowed down by 3.6 % last month , and the flood disaster had a certain impact on the traffic in these areas . 34
R from these factors , it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators . and such thing is expected .
H from these factors , the volatility of some indicators in july is also normal and is expected . 20
H from these factors , the volatility of some of the indicators in july was also normal and expected . 23
H judging from these factors , the volatility of some of the july indicators is also normal and is expected . 22
R he said , `` the potential is still good '' means that despite the fallback of economic growth , the overall economic performance is stable and steady . and the good momentum has not changed .
H `` still , '' he said , `` the good news is that even though economic growth has slowed down , the economy has generally run smoothly , and there is no change in stability and stability . '' 51
H `` potential is still good , '' he said , is that , despite the decline in economic growth , the economy is running smoothly , and there is no change in the is and stability of the economy . 40
H he said , `` the potential is still good '' means that despite the slowdown in economic growth , but the overall smooth economic operation , stability in the direction of the good trend has not changed . 22
R in july , cpi rose by 1.8 % , with a month-on-month rise of 0.2 % . from january to july , cpi rose by 2.1 % , so the overall price situation is stable .
H the cpi rose by 1.8 per cent in july , the ring was up 0.2 per cent ; the cpi rose 2.1 per cent in july , so the price situation stabilized . 43
H the cpi rose by 1.8 % in july , and the ring rose by 0.2 % , and the price situation was generally stable . 37
H july cpi rose 1.8 % , the chain rose 0.2 % ; 1-july cpi rose 2.1 % , so the price situation is generally stable . 26
R according to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the chongqing municipal bureau of meteorology , in addition to youyang , the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance .
H according to the national weather bureau of the chongqing city meteorological bureau for the high temperature and weather in a different , we are able to , the rest of the city receives varying degrees of high temperature subsidies . 40
H according to the chongqing meteorological bureau portal , the statistics of high temperature weather in each district , except youyang , the rest of our city can receive a different degree of high temperature allowance . 34
H according to the chongqing meteorological bureau portal network on the high temperature of the statistics , in addition to youyang , the rest of our city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance . 27
R at present , at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance , but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same , and people in chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days .
H there are at least 28 provinces in the country that have defined allowances for the benefits , although the standards are not the same , while chongqing is receiving a high temperature allowance in the form of a working day allowance . 44
H currently , at least 28 provinces in the country have identified the criteria for the payment of allowances , although the standards are not the same in the provinces , while chongqing receives a high temperature allowance on a high basis . 44
H at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the criteria for granting allowances , although the standards are not the same , while chongqing receives the high temperature allowance in the form of a high temperature working day allowance . 36
R in case of temperature between 35 and 37 ℃ , people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day . in case of temperature above 37℃ , people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan .
H below 37 ° c , according to a daily basis of less than $ 10 ; above 37 ° c per person , or more than 37 ° c , it is issued at less than $ 15 per person per person per person per day . 65
H at 35 °c above 37 °c , it is issued at no less than $ 10 per person per day ; above 37 °c , it is issued at no less than $ 15 per person per day . 54
H 35 shan above 37 shan , per person per day not less than 10 yuan standard issued , 37 shan above , per person per day not less than 15 yuan standard issued . 48
R in case of temperature above 40℃ , staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ) .
H a maximum of 20 yuan / day allowance per month for high-temperature staff above 40 ° c can receive a maximum of 20 yuan ( except in accordance with the law ) . 47
H above 40 °c , high temperature staff may receive a maximum of 20 yuan / day allowance per month ( with the exception of the worker 's allowance for high temperature jobs in accordance with the law ) . 45
H 40 shan above the high temperature staff can receive a monthly allowance of up to 20 yuan/day ( except that the worker has already enjoyed the high temperature work allowance according to law ) . 39
R in accordance with this standard , people in kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan . and people in chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan . and the maximum temperature of youyang did not meet the high temperature standards , so there is no high temperature allowance .
H in accordance with this standard , the canton of canton , which had the highest temperature was not high temperature was not high temperature in the last month , received 330 yuan and the lowest number of days in the days in was 80 yuan , while the most high temperature was not high . 67
H according to this standard , the most high temperature days in the last month were able to receive 330 yuan and the lowest number of days was 80 yuan , while the highest temperature rate was not met by the high temperature . 61
H according to this standard , last month high temperature weather days the most open state can receive 330 yuan , the minimum number of days of chengkou is 80 yuan , and youyang the highest temperature due to not meet the high temperature standard , so there is no high temperature allowance . 51
R in the past , many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance . the city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation .
H in the past , many units with cool drinks to the high temperature subsidies , the city 's bureau of supervisors said it did not fit the current approach . 29
H in the past , a number of units would offset the high temperature allowance with cool drinks , and the city said it was not in line with the current approach . 36
H in the past , a number of flats will be charged with the high temperature allowance with cool drinks , the bureau said . 34
R employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather .
H the employer may not deduct or reduce the worker 's wages because of the high temperature and the shorter working hours . 23
H the employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of the worker due to the suspension of work and shorter working hours due to high temperature weather . 16
H the employing unit shall not deduct or reduce the wages of the laborers because of the high temperature and the shortening of working time . 25
R the city 's human resources and social security bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature , they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint .
H the company said that workers who had been exposed to the municipal bureau of social affairs , high temperatures but confiscated a high temperature allowance could seek legal rights through a dispute over the labour dispute between the labour disputes or call 12333 complaints . 68
H according to misers , the employee has not received a high temperature allowance at high temperature , but can seek legal rights or appeal to the 12333 in the labor dispute mediation agency in which the enterprise is located . 59
H city people 's bureau said that staff encountered high temperature work but did not receive the high temperature allowance , can be through the enterprise 's labor dispute mediation institutions to seek legal rights , or call 12333 complaints . 49
R if the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance , the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above .
H if the employer does not pay the high temperature allowance , the worker may file a complaint with the hr social security authorities above the county level . 22
H if the employer refuses to issue a high temperature allowance , the worker may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above . 9
H if the employer refuses to grant the high temperature allowance , the worker may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level . 9
R at the same time , because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare , such allowance shall be included in the total wages , with tax deducted .
H at the same time , because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage , it is not benefits , it is included in the total wage and tax deductions . 19
H at the same time , because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage , it is not a welfare , to be included in the total wage and the deduction of a tax . 19
H at the same time , because the high temperature allowance is a part of wages , not benefits , to be included in payroll , deduction of tax . 20
R so the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage , it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks .
H as a result , high temperature benefits are not available in the minimum wage , which must be distributed in cash and can not be replaced with such substances as drinks in the form of a drink . 32
H as a result , the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage and must be issued in a cash form and can not be replaced with beverages such as beverages . 21
H therefore , the high temperature allowance is not in the minimum wage range , must be issued in cash form , can not use beverages and other physical substitutes . 22
R the newly built urumqi station is located in urumqi high-speed rail area , with the whole construction area of around 100,000 square meters .
H the newly built urumqi station is located in the high-speed rail section of urumqi city , with a total gross area is about 100,000 square meters . 17
H the newly built urumqi station is located in the urumqi high-speed rail area , with a total building area of about 100,000 square metres . 11
H the newly built urumqi station is located in urumqi high iron area , with a total construction area of about 100,000 square meters . 10
R the layer 1 and 2 are for entrance , waiting room and office , commercial use while the layer -1 is for exit .
H on the ground 1 , 2 floors are pulled into the station , waiting hall and office , commercial room , the underground 1 layer is the station . 26
H the first and second floors of the ground are on the ground floor , waiting room and office , business premises , and the first floor of the ground . 33
H ground 1 , 2 floors for pit stop , waiting and office , commercial housing , underground 1 floor is the outbound layer . 25
R at present , urumqi station is xinjiang 's largest integrated transport hub , integrated with high-speed rail , rail transportation , public transportation and rental as one . people can achieve a variety of seamless dockings .
H at present , urumqi station is the largest comprehensive transportation hub in xinjiang , a combination of high-speed rail , rail transit , bus , taxi , and so on , can achieve various transfer modes seamless docking . 39
H at present , urumqi station is the largest integrated transport hub in xinjiang , with high-speed rail , rail traffic , bus , rental and so on . 28
H at present , urumqi station is the largest integrated transportation hub in xinjiang , set high-speed rail , rail transit , public transport , rental , etc . as a whole , can achieve a variety of transfer mode seamless docking . 30
R there are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer , equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines .
H there are three ticketing halls on both sides of the platform and on the north and south sides of the platform , with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic vending machines . 19
H at the north and south sides of the platform , there are three ticket on the north side of the platform and the north side of the outbound layer , with 39 manual ticket windows and 34 automatic . 33
H the north and south sides of the platform layer and the north side of the outbound layer a total of 3 ticket offices , equipped with 39 manual ticketing window and 34 automatic ticket sales machine . 29
R there are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall . passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting .
H in the case of the ticket , there are 30 lanes on both sides of the waiting hall , and passengers can be quickly checked and waiting on the ticket number . 35
H with regard to the ticket , there are 30 channels on both sides of the waiting hall , and passengers can check and wait for the waiting room according to the ticket number on the ticket . 34
H on the ticket side , there are 30 channels on both sides of the waiting hall , and passengers can check and train the tickets according to the ticket ticket number . 31
R if you need help , you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services .
H if you need help , you can use the 41 calls button installed at the nearest station to make a choice of , you can get timely service . 22
H if you need help , you can choose the 41 call buttons set up within the station , and can be provided with timely service . 13
H if you need help , you can get a timely service by selecting the 41 call buttons that are set in the nearest press station . 19
R from july 1 onwards , the old passenger station , that is , the passenger train of urumqi south station is shifted to urumqi station .
H from july 1 , the old passenger station , the train station in urumqi station in urumqi , arrived at urumqi station . 17
H from july 1 , the old station , the passenger train from the urumqi south station , took a step to the urumqi station . 15
H from july 1 onwards , the old passenger station , that is , urumqi south railway station passengers train on a separate line to urumqi station . 13
R in other words , all the crh trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from xinjiang can be parked at urumqi station .
H in other words , all mobile and 30 trains can stop at urumqi station . 14
H in other words , all train and 30 对 trains can stop at urumqi . 16
H that is to say , all trains and 30 of the train can stop at urumqi station . 21
R now , passengers can buy tickets at these two stations . the train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes . passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket .
H now both stations can buy tickets for cars , and travel time between them is about 10 minutes , passengers need to pay attention to the entrance and the specific station name . 36
H at present , both stations can buy tickets , the train between them for about 10 minutes , passengers need to pay attention to the specific standing name of the face and the terminal . 32
H now two stations can buy a ride , the train between them in 10 minutes , passengers need to pay attention to the nominal origin and terminal of the specific station name . 38
R urumqi new passenger station , after its official launching into operation , will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of `` silk road economic zone '' and the new district .
H the formal operation of urumqi new station will be an important platform for xinjiang to construct a nationwide comprehensive transportation city to promote the `` silk road economic belt '' and the new district construction . 34
H the formal operation of the new urumqi station in urumqi will be an important platform for xinjiang to build a national comprehensive transportation city and promote the construction of the `` silk road economic belt '' and the new area . 33
H the official operation of urumqi new railway station will become an important platform to build a national comprehensive transportation city in xinjiang , and promote the `` silk road economic zone '' and the construction of the newly developed area . 33
R gracia is a cute female toucan , exuding the breath of tropical rain forest .
H gracia is a ruddy female beak with a tropical rainforest breath . 15
H gracian is a lucas female toucans , with the breath of a tropical rain forest . 9
H gracian is an eruption of female giant beak bird , all over the atmosphere of the rainforest . 21
R in costa rica , one of the central american countries , toucan gracia and its story have long been known .
H in costa rica , the central american state of costa rica , the giant mouth of gracia and its story has long been known . 14
H in the central american countries , costa rica , the toucans bird gracian and its story are well known . 19
H in the central american country costa rica , the gracian and its story has long been a household name . 19
R at the press conference on august 10 , after postoperative rehabilitation , gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3d printing plastic beak .
H at a press conference on august 10 , the convalescent gracia , who was recovering after surgery , finally unveiled a new 3d print plastic bird beak . 24
H at a press conference on august 10 , the gracian , who was recovering from surgery , showed his new 3d print plastic bird . 25
H at the august 10 press conference , the gracian of postoperative recovery finally unveiled its brand-new 3d print-plastic beak . 22
R this toucan , which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago , finally regained its new life .
H the man who had broken his beak and dying only a year and a half ago , was finally reborn . 22
H it was a year and a half before the beak , the dying bird , now finally regained new life . 24
H the giant beak , which had been broken up by a 1.5 ago and was dying , has now finally been reborn . 30
R this day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 % , but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends .
H this day , not only is it about 100 % recovery , but it was also the day when it moved into a luxury birdhouses and to meet , with its human friends who cared about it . 31
H this day not only proclaims that it has recovered 100 % of its health , but it is the day that it moves into a luxury birdhouses and meet with human friends who care about it . 32
H not only did this day proclaim that it was 100 % restored to health , it was the day when it moved into the luxury aviary and met with the human friends who cared for it . 38
R the newcomer grecia was slightly shy initially , but soon became lively , rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak .
H gracia , who first entered the new home , was slightly shy , but soon became lively and tossed about in the basin , eating grapes with a new beak . 19
H the gracian of the new home was slightly shy , but it became lively , roll in the water basin , and ate grapes with a new beak . 17
H first entered the new home of the gracian slightly shy , but not too much to become lively , in the water basin , roll frolic , with a new beak to eat grapes . 29
R in order to remind people that it has suffered damage , the technical staff did not give it a new beak color , but to retain the original white color of the 3d print material .
H to remind people of the damage it had suffered , the technician did not color its new beak , but retained the original white color of the printed material . 24
H to remind people about the damage it had suffered , technicians did not paint their new beak , but retained the original white of 3d printing materials . 28
H to remind people of the damage it had suffered , the technician did not paint its new beak , but retained the original white of the 3d printing material . 24
R the beak is a thin layer of horny sheath , which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support .
H the bird beak is a thin layer of horny sheath , inside the hollow , only some thin bone support pole row row . 15
H the bird 's beak is a thin layer of horny , inside hollow , only a few thin bone support rods staggered . 19
H outside the beak is a thin layer of cutin sheath , inside hollow , only some thin bone supporting rod staggered arrangement . 18
R despite this internal reinforcement , the toucan 's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt .
H although there are such internal reinforcing elements , the beak of the beak is fragile and broken when it is hurt . 17
H despite this internal reinforcement , the beak of the toucans bird is fragile and broken when it is hurt . 9
H despite this internal reinforcement , the beak of a giant beak is fragile and broken when it is hurt . 9
R animal rescue center , ornithologist and a us 3d printing company worked together to prepare several `` test beak '' for gracia and finally built a `` perfect beak '' for it .
H the animal rescue center , bird-watchers and a us 3d printing company have teamed up to make several `` test beaks '' for gracia and finally made the perfect beaks for it . 24
H the animal rescue centre , the birds physicists and an american 3d printing company worked together to produce several `` test '' for gracian , and finally made the `` perfect beak '' that is best suited to it . 27
H the animal rescue center , a bird biologist and a us 3d printing company worked together to produce several `` test beaks '' for gracian , finally creating the `` perfect beak '' best suited to it . 21
R now gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water , eat , and even peck fine grains .
H now gracia is adept at using the new beak greicia was able gracia is adept at using the new beak to drink water , eat , and even peck the tiny grains of grain . 23
H now gracian has been able to use a new beak to drink water , eat , and even pick up small grains . 9
H now gracian is adept at using new beaks to drink , eat , and even peck up tiny grains . 18
R `` the design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it . ''
H the design of the final finished product takes about two months and it takes only prints out for four or five hours to print it. `` 20
H `` the final product is designed for about two months , and it only takes four or five hours to print out . 22
H `` the final finished product was designed for about 2 months , and it only takes 4 or 5 hours to print out . '' 17
R `` 3d printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life . '' thomas lange , the chairman of us sg3d printing company said in an interview with xinhua international .
H `` 3d printing is not the future technology , it has really come into your life , '' says thomas long , chairman of the us sg3d print , told xinhua . 24
H `` 3d printing is not a future technology . it 's actually going into you and my life , '' said thomas · , chairman of the u. s. 3d printing company , in an interview with xinhua international . 31
H `` 3d printing is not the technology of the future , it has actually come into your life . '' sg3d printing company chairman thomas lange in an interview with xinhua international reporter said . 25
R in january 2015 , gracia , lying on a farm in the town of alajuela in the middle of costa rica , was found with blood covering on its body .
H in january 2015 , a bloodstained giant mouth was found on a farm in gracilla , in central costa rica . 28
H in january 2015 , toucans gracian was found in a farm in gracian , central costa rica . 29
H in january 2015 , a farm in gracian , a alajuela province in central costa rica , was found to be a blood-soaked giant beak gracian . 28
R at that time , its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people . it was completely unable to eat and dying .
H its beak was broken by a gang of young people , and it was completely unable to eat and was dying . 11
H at that time , its was brutally broken by a group of young people , and it was completely unable to eat and his life was dying . 9
H its upper beak was brutally broken by a gang of young men , and it was utterly incapable of eating and dying . 22
R after the tragedy of the gracia was reported by the media , there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside costa rica .
H in the aftermath of the brutal media coverage of gracia , there was a wave of anti-abuse calls in and outside costa rica outside costa rica . 26
H after the media report , the horrors of gracian caused a wave of protests against the abuse of animals inside and outside costa rica . 28
H gracian 's horror was reported in the media , in costa rica and outside the cause of the wave of opposition to cruelty to animals . 40
R people demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers .
H more stringent animal protection laws and greater penalties for abusers are demanded . 19
H there was a demand for more stringent animal protection laws and increased penalties for abusers . 20
H stricter animal-protection laws and tougher punishments for abusers are called for . 22
R people came spontaneously to try their utmost to help gracia restore its life before hurting .
H people come spontaneously and try their best to help gracia recover as much as possible before the injury . 17
H people come spontaneously and do their best to help gracian to return to the injured life as much as possible . 23
H people come spontaneously and do their best to help gracian to recover as much as possible before the injury . 22
R even the inventor of the 3d printing technology , chuck hull , is also involved in the design of the gracia beak .
H even 3d printing technology inventor chuck hull is also involved in the design of the beaks . 10
H even 3d printing technology inventor chuck hull is also involved in the design of the gracian . 10
H even 3d print technology inventor chuck hall was involved in the design of gracian 's beak . 19
R `` the situation of gracia is very special , and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter , so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak . ''
H `` the situation in gracia is special , and its beak is less than 1 cm , so it has a lot of difficulty difficult to install the new beak . '' 24
H `` gracian is very special , and its is less than 1 cm , so it brings many difficulties for installing a new beak . '' 20
H `` the gracian is very special , and its upper beak is less than 1 centimeters , so it 's a lot of trouble to install new beaks . '' 29
R `` we first scanned gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue . ''
H `` we first scan the gracia , then design and make a lengthening prosthetic for the remaining part of its beak , with adhesive glued to its beak . '' 32
H `` we first scan the gracian and then design and produce an extended prosthesis that is slightly longer than the remaining part of its beak , fixed on its . 21
H `` we scanned the gracian and then designed and produced an elongated prosthesis that was slightly longer than the remainder of its upper beak , which was glued to its upper beak . '' 22
R `` this can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to gracia , '' lange told xinhua international .
H `` this could reduce further invasive damage to gracia , '' lang told xinhua . 10
H `` this can reduce further invasive damage to gracian , '' says told xinhua international reporter . 10
H `` this can reduce further invasive damage to the gracian , '' langer told xinhua international . 10
R before installing the prosthesis , the staff cleared the broken beak of gracia every day to prevent infection .
H before installing the prosthesis , the staff had to clear the bill daily for greesia to prevent infection . 14
H prior to the installation of the prosthesis , the staff member will clean his beak for the gracian every day in order to prevent infection . 21
H before installing the prosthesis , the worker cleans up the beak for gracian every day to prevent infection . 10
R thousands of miles away , the story of the toucan gracia touched the famous documentary director paula el reidia and the news channel producer john hoffman .
H far from thousands of miles away , the story of the giant bird greicia has touched the famous documentary filmmaker paula eredia and the producer of the news channel , john hoffman . 18
H a thousand miles away , the story of 巨嘴鸟 moved the famous documentary director , paula heredia , and the discovery news channel producer john hoffman . 16
H far away , the story of giant beak bird gracian moved the famous documentary filmmaker paula la heredia and discovery news channel producer john hoffmann . 23
R they recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak , and recorded a documentary `` the country of toucan '' , which was played this month on the animal planet channel .
H they recorded the dribs and drabs of gracia 's new beak , recording a documentary `` land of the bigger , '' which was broadcast on the animal planet channel this month . 30
H they recorded the bit of gracian 's new beak and recorded a documentary `` state bird , '' which was broadcast on the animal planet channel this month . 26
H they recorded the dribs and drabs of gracian 's new beak , recording a documentary `` the kingdom of the giant beak '' , which was broadcast on the animal planet channel this month . 28
R the documentary `` the state of the toucan '' shows people how a small toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals .
H the documentary `` the nation of the great bird '' shows how a tiny puckbird has made a country change and a nation is involved in the fight against cruelty . 23
H the documentary `` state bird '' shows how a small toucans bird makes a country change , how to make its citizens involved in the fight against the abuse of animals . 24
H the country of the giant beak shows how a tiny giant beak can change a country and involve its citizens in the fight against cruelty to animals . 32
R core tip : japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of chinese oil companies , especially known as the `` teapot '' of china 's small independent refinery .
H core tip : japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of china 's small independent refinery , known as the tea-pot . 28
H core tips : japan 's companies , in particular , is wary of the rise of china 's small independent refinery , known as the `` teapot . '' 36
H core tip : japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of china 's small independent refineries , known as `` teapots '' . 27
R august 12 report on cankaoxiaoxi website : japan 's largest oil company jx energy believes that `` china 's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn . ''
H jx energy , japan 's largest oil company , believes that `` china 's export expansion is one of the reasons for the downturn , '' said the daily news network aug. 12 reported . 26
H `` china 's export expansion is one of the reasons for the downturn , according to media , the largest oil company in japan . 31
H `` china 's export expansion is one of the reasons for the downturn , '' said jx , japan 's largest oil company , according to a august 12 report . 37
R japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of chinese oil companies , especially known as the `` teapot '' of china 's small independent refinery .
H japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of china 's small independent refinery , known as the teapot . 26
H japan , in particular , is wary of the rise of china 's small independent refinery , known as the `` teapot . '' 33
H japanese oil companies are particularly wary of the rise of china 's small independent refineries , known as `` teapots '' . 27
R china 's oil products are gradually close to japan 's oil products because the chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations .
H china 's oil product quality is getting closer to japan 's oil products because the chinese government has tightened environmental regulations . 12
H the quality of china 's oil products is gradually approaching japanese oil because of the chinese government 's tightening of environmental regulations . 21
H the quality of china 's petroleum products is getting closer to japan 's oil because of the chinese government 's strengthened environmental regulations . 17
R before obtaining the import license for crude oil , `` teapot refinery '' generally refines oil from the heavy oil , which has high sulfur content and is imported from russia .
H prior to obtaining a permit to import crude oil , the `` tea-teapot refinery '' generally extracted heavy oil from places such as russia , which had higher sulphur content . 33
H before obtaining the import license for crude oil , the `` teapot refinery '' generally imported heavy oil from russia , such as russia , with high sulphur content . 22
H before obtaining permission to import crude oil , `` teapot refinery '' generally imports from russia and other places of high sulfur content of heavy oil refining . 28
R the petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution .
H the production of oil products with high sulphur content and poor oil products is one of the causes of environmental pollution . 18
H the production of petroleum products with high sulfur content and poor oil , is one of the causes of environmental pollution . 14
H the production of petroleum products of high sulfur content , poor oil , become a cause of environmental pollution . 20
R after obtaining crude oil import license , `` teapot refinery '' can import oman crude oil and russian crude oil , which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products .
H with the approval of crude oil imports , the `` tea-teapot refinery '' was able to import oman crude oil and russian crude oil , which had lower sulphur content , and the quality of its petroleum products increased . 29
H after obtaining an import licence for crude oil , the `` teapot refinery '' can import 阿曼产 crude oil and russian crude oil , and the quality of its petroleum products has also increased . 22
H the `` teapot refinery '' has been able to import crude oil from oman , which has a low sulphur content , and russian crude oil , and the quality of its oil products has also improved , after obtaining import permits . 44
R east fuel general oil company said , `` with china 's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve , the refining capacity of the equipment also increased .
H `` the capacity of refinery equipment has improved as the quality standards of domestic oil products continue to improve , '' said the company . 40
H `` the capacity of refining equipment has also increased as the standard of quality of petroleum products in china is increasing . 36
H `` as china 's domestic oil product quality standards continue to improve , the capacity of refining equipment has also improved , '' said tepco . 22
R as a result , the quality of oil products exported from china gradually rivalled that of japan ( the world 's highest quality ) .
H as a result , china 's foreign export product quality has gradually reached the same level as japan 's highest quality ) . 25
H as a result , china 's exports of petroleum products have gradually reached the same level as japan ( the world 's highest quality ) . 20
H as a result , the quality of china 's exports of petroleum products has gradually reached the same level as japan 's ( the world 's highest quality ) . 21
R according to jx energy , `` after the end of 2015 , china began to export high-quality light oil to australia . '' such light oil products are competitive with japanese products on the asian market .
H jx energy says `` after the end of 2015 , china began to export high-quality light oil to australia '' and compete with japanese products in the asian market . 15
H `` after the end of 2015 , china began to export high-quality 的 to australia '' and compete with japanese products in the asian market . 19
H `` after the end of 2015 , china began exporting high quality light oil to australia , '' jx energy said , creating competition with japanese products in asian markets . 28
R although the `` japanese high quality oil '' falls into a crisis , the japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of `` exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market '' .
H while japan 's high quality oil is facing a crisis , the response strategy adopted by the japanese oil companies is `` to pay attention to the market market as well as exporting to profit margins . '' 46
H although japan 's high oil is facing a crisis , japan 's companies strategy is only `` to focus on the market and export to areas where there is a profit . '' 46
H although `` japan 's high oil '' is facing a crisis , japan 's oil companies to respond to the strategy is `` focus on the market while the profit can be exported to the region . '' 43
R as china 's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the asian market , teapot refinery got more attentions .
H as china 's exports of oil products have a huge impact on the asian market , the concern about the teapot refinery is more and more there are more and more attention to the . 19
H because china 's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the asian market , the attention of the teapot refinery is becoming more and more high . 13
H as china 's exports of oil products have a huge impact on asian markets , they are increasingly concerned about teapot refineries . 15
R 2016 liqun sunshine student support action of yangtze evening news started from may 26. after two months of registration , the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800 .
H the 2016 yanghui evening evening news , which started on may 26 , the total number of poor has signed up for two months of registration , with over 800 students applying for grants is . 35
H sun evening student . 35
H 2016 yangzi evening news group of sunshine student action since may 26 started , after two months of registration , the total number of needy students applying for grants amounted to more than more than 800 people . 27
R during the educational process , more than 1.2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ) . this can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream .
H in the course of student education , social donations have been received more than $ 1.2 million yuan ( which has been in five batches ) , at least to help 240 students at the university of it . 43
H in the course of the student programme , social contributions have received more than 1.2 million yuan ( five batches of publicity ) , at least 240 students of family university . 40
H in the course of the education , has received social donations over 1.2 million yuan ( has been divided into five batches of public notice ) , at least can help 240 was students dream of university . 46
R at present , donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand , so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care .
H currently , contributions continue to be made , and this newspaper calls on society to continue to reach out to children who have more difficulties with more families and receive social care . 38
H at present , contributions continue , and the report calls on society to continue to reach out to more needy children to receive financial support and social care . 34
H at present , the donation is still continuing , the newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand , so that more families with difficult children can receive financial support and social care . 17
R in order to ensure that the student action is fair , open and transparent , the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students . the names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers .
H in order to ensure that student action is fair , open and transparent , this paper is today published today to 100 , acceptance of readers supervision on the basis of public information . 38
H in order to ensure the fairness , openness and transparency of the student 's action , the present report has announced the basic information of the students in batches today . 40
H in order to ensure that student action is fair , open , transparent , this newspaper in batches to publicize the basic information of students today , public ti-100 , to accept the reader 's supervision . 36
R `` liqun sunshine student action '' is a well-known chinese charity brand . yangzi evening news liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in jiangsu since 2003. more than 4,000 students have been supported .
H group sunshine student action , the yangzi evening sunshine student action operation a famous chinese charity brand in china , and the accumulation of more than 4,000 students has been carried out in jiangsu province in 2003 and more than 4,000 students . 49
H abba sun student is a famous charitable brand in china . the yangtze evening sun student 44
H li group sunshine student action , is a famous chinese charity brand , yang son evening news group of sunshine student action in jiangsu since 2003 , to support the poor students accumulated more than 4,000 . 35
R the scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen , excluding tuition-free majors . students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty .
H the scope of the program is funded by the university entrance examination students admission to the university , do not free tuition fees , and , family poverty . 37
H the purpose of this activity is the admission of college students in the university entrance , which is not free of tuition fees ; pint , and family poverty . 38
H the scope of this activity is to enroll freshmen in college entrance examination , not to include tuition-free majors ; 32
R according to the statistics bureau , the population growth of new zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( `` baby boom '' ) .
H the census bureau said new zealand 's population growth was more than 2 per cent in the early 1990s and the early 1990s in the early 1990s . 45
H the bureau of statistics said the increase in new zealand 's population was earlier than 2 % in the infancy of the baby boomers in 1974 and the early 1960s and early 1960s . 43
H the new zealand population grew by more than 2 % in the 1974 and the early 50 's `` baby boomers '' during the 60 , the bureau said . 37
R as of june this year , new zealand 's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69,100 , making it the main driver of new zealand 's population growth in recent years .
H by june of this year , the net inflow of immigrants in new zealand amounted to 6.91 million net migration in the first 12 months of the year , as the main driver of new zealand 's population growth in recent years . 34
H as of june this year , new zealand 's net inflow of migrants in 12 months was 6.91 million , the main driving force in new zealand 's population growth in recent years . 18
H as of june this year , the net inflow of migrants in new zealand in 12 months was 69,100 , becoming the main driver of new zealand 's population growth in recent years . 15
R in addition , in the same period , new zealand 's population increased by 28,200 .
H in addition , in the same time period , the population of new zealand has increased by 2.82 million . 15
H in addition , in the same period of time , the natural growth of the new zealand population is 2.82 million . 19
H in addition , in the same time period , the population of new zealand naturally increased by 28,200 . 8
R data shows that in the last 10 years , the average annual net inflow of immigrants in new zealand is 21,800 , with natural population growth of 32,300 people .
H the figures show that in the last 10 years , the average annual net migration of immigrants to new zealand was 21.8 million , with an average annual population of 233,000 . 26
H the data show that , in the last 10 years , new zealand has a net annual net inflow of 2.18 million , with an average annual population growth of 3.23 million . 35
H data show that in the last 10 years , new zealand average annual net inflow of 21,800 people , the average annual population growth of 32,300 people . 16
R from the population structure point of view , a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of `` working age population '' aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded .
H in the demographic structure , a large influx of immigrants means that the proportion of `` working-age population '' between the ages of 15 and 93 is gradually expanding . 24
H from the demographic structure , a large influx of immigrants means that the proportion of the `` working-age population '' between 15 and 39 years of age has gradually expanded . 17
H from a demographic perspective , a large influx of immigrants means that the proportion of the `` working-age population '' from 15 to 39 is gradually widening . 20
R as of june 2016 , new zealand 's working-age population rose by 3.6 percent to 1.58 million .
H in the 12 months to june 16 , 2006 , the working-age population of new zealand grew by 6.3 percent to 18.18 million . 29
H in the 12 months of june 2016 , the working-age population of new zealand grew by 3.6 % , to 158 million . 22
H in the 12-month period ending june 2016 , the new zealand working-age population grew by 3.6 % to 1.58 million persons . 17
R at the same time , the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3.6 % , reaching 700,000 .
H at the same time , the increase in the population over 65 is also 36 % to 7 per cent , reaching 70.7 million . 23
H at the same time , the increase in the ageing population over the age of 65 was also 3.6 % , reaching 700,000 . 14
H at the same time , the 65-year-old population increases by 3.6 % , reaching 700,000 people . 17
R at 10 o'clock yesterday morning , x9003 international cargo flights were leaving the xi'an xinzhu railway station and bound for kazakhstan 's almaty .
H at 10 : 00 a.m. yesterday , the x9003 international freight squad departed from the new station in xi'an to the almaty of kazakhstan . 35
H yesterday , at 10 a.m. , the x9003 international freight container station from xi'an station station , xi'an , went to almaty , kazakhstan . 37
H yesterday 10 o'clock in the morning xu , x9003 international freight class from xi ' an new building station , to kazakhstan almaty . 25
R the successful launch of this train marked that xi'an railway bureau has successfully launched 10,000 carriages since the start of sino-asia international cargo flights .
H the opening of the train marked the successful breakthrough of 10,000 vehicles by the xi'an railway service since the start of the central asian cargo line in 2013 . 36
H the opening of the departed train marks the success of the xi'an railway bureau since the launch of the central asian international freight container in 2013 . 34
H the train 's opening , marking the xi ' an railway bureau since 2013 to open the international freight class in central asia , the number of driving a successful breakthrough 10000 vehicles . 44
R it is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories , namely industrial raw materials , machinery and equipment , industrial spare parts , building materials , food , light industrial products , and 206 varieties in total .
H it is understood that the shipment of goods in this class of the freight line cover industrial raw materials , machinery equipment , industrial parts , construction materials , food , light products six large categories , a total of 206 species . 31
H it is understood that the category of goods transported in this class covers industrial raw materials , mechanical equipment , industrial spare parts , building materials , food , light products , and 206 varieties . 20
H it is understood that this class of freight transport class cargo category covers industrial raw materials , machinery and equipment , industrial spare parts , building materials , food , light industrial products six categories , a total of 206 varieties . 26
R as of august 11 this year , the xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10,009 vehicles . a total of 338,000 tons of goods have been transported . among them , 84 freight trains began operation in 2016 , a year-on-year increase of 47 % .
H as of august 11 this year , the new station opened the central asia class 221 , 10009 vehicles and 33.8 million tons of a cumulative shipment of 33.8 million tons , including 84 in 2016 , 84 per cent year-on-year . 52
H as of 11 august this year , the new station opened a total of 221 listed , 10009 vehicles and 33.8 million tons of export goods , of which 84 in 2016 , an increase of 47 % over the year . 44
H as at august 11 this year , the new station opened a total of 221 rows of central asian class , 10009 vehicles , the cumulative shipment of exports of 338,000 tons , of which 2016 years opened 84 rows , year-on-year growth of 47 % . 47
R it is understood that the first carriage of goods of sino-asia freight trains are `` made in shaanxi '' . and now , it has attracted a large number of foreign sources .
H it is understood that the first shipment of the central asian class was made of `` shaanxi manufacturing , '' and today it has attracted a significant number of field sources . 27
H it is understood that the first shipment of goods in central asia is `` manufactured in shaanxi , '' and today it has attracted a large number of sources in the field . 22
H it is understood that the first trip to the central asian class is `` made in shaanxi '' , and today , it has attracted a large number of foreign sources actively listed above . 24
R as of the end of july , the volume of container received for sino-asia freight trains reached 64,000 teu , an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015 .
H between the end of july and the end of july , the volume of containers in central asia had reached a total of 6.4 million containers , up 8 per cent from the same period in 2015 . 38
H by the end of july , the container in central asia exceeded 6.4 box , an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015 . 23
H as at the end of july , the central asian class container had exceeded 64,000 teu in volume , representing a 8 % increase over the same period in 2015 . 25
R with the increase of the operation of sino-asia freight trains , the freight volume of the xinzhu railway station of xi'an railway bureau increased year by year .
H with the central central bank of the encryption opened , the new railway station in xi'an railway station is increasing year by year . 26
H with the add of container in central asia , the freight volume of the new railway station of xi'an railway bureau has increased year by year . 15
H with the encryption of central asian classes , the traffic volume of the new station of xi ' an railway bureau has been upgraded yearly . 26
R in 2015 , the cargo throughput of the xinzhu railway station of the whole year reached 2.477 million tons . as of august 10 , 2016 , the volume of cargo has reached 1.531 million tons , representing an increase of 6.7 % over the same period last year .
H in 2015 , the new station , which handles 247.7 million tons of freight per year , has reached 153.1 million tons as of 10 august 2016 , up 6.7 per cent from the same period last year . 51
H in 2015 , new station cargo throughput was 247.7 million tons throughout the year , and as at 10 august 2016 , the freight rate had reached 153.1 million tons , an increase of 6.7 % over the same period last year . 41
H 2015 , the new station full year freight throughput of 2.477 million tons , as of august 10 , 2016 , the volume of shipments has reached 1.531 million tons , compared with the same period last year growth of 6.7 % . 37
R in order to meet the needs of future development , the construction planning of xi'an new integrated logistics center has been introduced , with xi'an xinzhu railway station as a focus , endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park .
H in order to meet the needs of future development , the construction plan of xi'an railway bureau , which is the center of the new railway station in xi'an , has been introduced to build the modern railway integrated railway integrated railway logistics complex . 40
H in order to meet the future development needs , xi'an railway bureau , which is the center of the new railway station , has been put in place to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park . 37
H in order to meet the needs of future development , xi ' an railway station , the new construction of the comprehensive logistics center in xi ' an , has been launched to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park . 29
R a mid-aged man in india last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at dubai international airport . he won us $ 1 million award in the same airport last week .
H an indian uncle , who had just experienced a plane landing at dubai international airport last week , had a $ 1 million prize this week at the same airport . 38
H an indian uncle , who was at dubai international airport , landed at dubai international airport last week , and a $ 1 million prize in the same airport this week . 39
H an indian uncle week at dubai international airport , where he was hit by a plane crash , and this week won a $ 1 million jackpot at the same airport . 37
R muhammad bashir abdul hedar , who long lives in dubai , the united arab emirates , has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns .
H the indians , mohammed bashir al-holdal , who lives in dubai , united arab emirates , has the habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns home . 15
H indians bashir , a long indian in dubai , has a habit of buying lottery tickets . 17
H mohammed bah hil abdul hedal , a dubai in the uae , has the habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns home . 21
R his 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth . he has toiled day in day out to repay his son 's medical expenses loan .
H his 21-year-old son , 21-year-old son was paralyzed by an accidental fall for 13 days , and he had been worked hard to pay for his son 's medical expenses . 37
H his 21-year-old son was paralyzed by an accidental fall in the 13 days of his birth , and he had been working hard to repay his son 's medical expenses . 27
H his 21-year-old son , who was paralyzed by an accidental fall during his 13-day birth , has been working hard to repay his son 's medical bills . 32
R `` after escaping from the crash , it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good '' , said hedar .
H `` escape from the air crash it was god who gave me a second life and giving me the money to do good , '' hidal said . 19
H `` escape from the air crash was that god gave me two lives , and gave me the money to make me good , '' 赫达尔 said . 27
H `` escaping from the crash was god giving me two lives and giving me the money to do good , '' hedar said . 23
R although now it is the beginning of autumn , the power of `` afterheat '' seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer .
H although it is now autumn , the `` autumn tigers '' power of the autumn tiger seems to be no worse than the summer . 23
H although it is now autumn , the power of the `` autumn '' seems to be a little worse than the summer . 17
H although now autumn , but the `` autumn tiger '' power seems to be no worse than the summer . 20
R uv not only tans your skin but also sunburns it , so how to make the skin go through the military training , without sunburn ?
H ultraviolet light not only does ultraviolet light make the skin of the students black , more sunburnt skin , how to let the skin through the military training , not sunburn ? 28
H ultraviolet rays not only allow students to become dark , more will skin , how to allow skin to go through military training and not get sunburn ? 28
H ultraviolet rays not only make the skin of students black , more will sunburn skin , how to let the skin can successfully through military training , not sunburn ? 28
R sunblock is generally marked with spf and pa on the package . spf refers to sun protection function and is targeted at uvb . the common spf index includes 15 , 30 , 50 , etc .
H the sunscreen packs are generally marked with spf and pa , spf is the spf , which is designed for uvb uv radiation , and our common spf index is 15 , 30 and 50 . 37
H sunscreen packaging is generally marked with spf and pa , spf is a sunscreen index , which is directed against uvb , and our common spf index is 15 , 30 , 50 , etc . 31
H sunscreen packaging is usually labeled with spf and pa spf is the sunscreen index , is aimed at uvb ultraviolet , our common spf index has 15 , 30 , 50 and so on . 36
R the product marked with pa is for uva , so that sunblock will play a more effective role . usually , the intensity of pa is represented with + . an extra + indicates extension of effective protection time .
H the products with pa are for uva , so sunscreen can play a more effective role , usually in the case of the intensity of the pa , and the strength one more than + indication that effective protection time . 37
H products marked with pa are targeted at uva , so that the sunscreen will play a more effective role , usually when the strength of pa is expressed with + , and more than one + represents an extension of effective protection time . 30
H the product labeled pa is aimed at uva , so that sunscreen will play a more effective role , usually , pa strength with + to indicate , more than one + indicates effective protection time extended . 28
R water-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin . sunscreen spray is also a good choice .
H oily skin should choose more porous sunscreen a strong penetration of water protection products , sunscreen spray is also a good choice . 24
H oily skin should choose the more permeable water protection products , sunscreen is also a good choice . 23
H oily skin should choose a strong penetration of water-based sunscreen products , sunscreen spray is also a good choice . 23
R creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin . the classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules . any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin . so it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products .
H dry skin should choose frost sunscreen supplies ; neutral skin generally does not strictly regulate , sensitive skin to wipe any maintenance is a burden , recommended pure physical sunscreen products . 48
H dry skin should choose cream 的 ; neutral skin is generally not strictly prescribed , sensitive skin wipe any care is a burden , recommended to select pure physical sun protection products . 49
H dry skin should choose frost-like sunscreen products ; neutral skin is not strictly defined , sensitive skin rub any maintenance products are a burden , it is recommended to choose a purely physical sunscreen products . 48
R remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance , because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin .
H remember to wear sunscreen half an hour ahead of time because it takes time to completely seep into the skin . 17
H remember to apply sunscreen half an hour in advance , because sunscreen needs time to fully penetrate the skin . 8
H remember to apply sunscreen for half an hour in advance , as sunscreen products take time to fully penetrate the skin . 8
R because you are exposed to sun longer during the military training , you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect . so keep doing it .
H military training is a long time , sunscreen can be used every two hours to have lasting effect , do not be lazy . 37
H military training is long , and the sunscreen can be wipe every two hours to have a lasting effect . do n't be lazy . 36
H military training sun time longer , sunscreen every two hours to wipe once to have lasting effect , do not be lazy . 36
R as the skin has just been stimulated by the sun 's sake , do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training .
H since the skin is just under the sun 's stimulation , the military training returned not to use the products immediately . 25
H because the skin has just been exposed to the sun , the military training will not immediately use whitening products . 19
H because the skin has just been stimulated by the sun , the military training back do not immediately use whitening products . 14
R after exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time , please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed .
H after the military training , if conditions can be used with a towel to ice ice to chill the skin to reduce the local dryness . 36
H after the military training , if conditions can be used to wrap the ice with ice to chilled the skin of the skin to slow down the local heat . 34
H after the military training exposure , if the condition can be used towel wrapped with ice to chill the burned skin to slow local heat . 36
R the cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 % .
H farmers who buy farm machines during the exhibition continue to implement supplementary subsidies , and farmers purchase a farm machine with a maximum subsidy of 40 per cent . 40
H farmers who buy agricultural machinery during the exhibition continue to apply the cumulative subsidy policy , and farmers buy agricultural machinery up to 40 % of the subsidy . 30
H during the exhibition to buy agricultural machinery farmers , continue to implement the cumulative subsidy policy , farmers buy agricultural machinery can be up to 40 % of the subsidy . 34
R this trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide . in particular , it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the belt and road initiative .
H the exhibition is aimed at worldwide recruiting , especially for countries along the `` way '' of national and target market countries along the way . 38
H this exhibition is geared towards global investment , especially the invitation to the country and the target market countries along the `` along the road . '' 35
H the exhibition for the global investment promotion , especially the `` all the way '' along the country and target market countries to invite efforts . 40
R this exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects , introduce 22 billion yuan of fund , sign more than 160 trade contracts , which totaled 3.2 billion yuan .
H the current exhibition seeks to complete 60 contracts , the introduction of $ 22 billion in funding , the signing of more than 160 trade contracts and $ 3.2 billion in contracts . 33
H this exhibition seeks to complete the 60 project 60 , introduced $ 22 billion yuan , signed a trade contract of 160 , contract amount of 3.2 billion yuan . 30
H the exhibition aims to complete the signing of 60 investment projects , the introduction of capital of 22 billion yuan , signed a trade contract more than 160 , the contract amount of 3.2 billion yuan . 31
R it is reported that the reason for `` hunan fair '' to be settled in loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in loudi , hunan , which boasted long history of industrial development .
H for seven years , loudi , the city 's hunan province , is based on a strong foundation , and the industry has developed a long history of industrial development . 48
H it is reported that `` 湘博会 '' has settled in loudi for seven consecutive years , due to the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in hunan province and the history of industrial development . 23
H it is reported that `` xiang bo '' the reason for 7 consecutive years settled in loudi , the loudi manufacturing industry in hunan province , the foundation of a strong industrial development history . 37
R as the host place of `` hunan exposition '' , loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world .
H as part of the project , lou has established business relations with more than 90 countries around the world . 18
H as a ruisrock , loudi has established trade relations with more than 90 countries around the world . 14
H as the organizer of the `` xiang bo meeting '' , loudi has established trade relations with more than more than 90 countries around the world . 13
R `` hunan exposition '' has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the `` going-out '' of characteristic industries .
H it has become an important platform for the development of specialty industries and the development of specialty industries out . 26
H `` 湘博会 '' is an important platform for local development of the development of characteristic industries and the promotion of characteristic industries . 21
H `` xiang bo '' has become an important platform for local development of characteristic industries and promotion of distinctive industries . 21
R during some nights , the ionized layer is full of free electrons , which means that the radio signal can go further .
H on some nights , the ionosphere is full of free electrons , which means that radio signals can go further . 8
H in some nights , the ionosphere is full of free electrons , which means that radio signals can go further . 8
H on some nights , the ionosphere is full of free electrons , which means that radio signals can go farther . 10
R according to the report of popular science , an american monthly website , on august 11 , the us air force was interested in copying this effect .
H the u. s. air force is interested in replicating the effect , according to the monthly website of the journal volkswagen . 38
H the united states air force is interested in replicating this effect , according to the monthly website on august 11 . 31
H the u.s. air force is interested in the effect of replication , according to the website of the popular science magazine august 11 . 37
R although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station , but this may not be the interest of the us air force .
H while a steady stream of free electrons can help people listen to the radio on the edge of a university radio station , this may not be the interest of the us air force . 16
H although a stable mass of free electrons can help people listen to the radio station on the margins of a university radio station , this may not be the interest of the united states air force . 20
H while the ionosphere , which has a stable mass of free electrons , can help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station , that may not be the interest of the u.s. air force . 25
R ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts . in addition , it may prevent the global positioning system ( gps ) signal from the solar storm .
H the ionization of electrons means that the military uses more radio broadcasts , and it may provide some protection for gps signals to protect it from solar storms . 41
H the ionosphere , which is full of electrons , means that the military uses a larger range of radio , and it may provide some protection for global positioning systems ( gps ) signals from solar storms . 36
H the electron-filled ionosphere means that the military uses a greater range of radios , and it may provide some protection from the global positioning system ( gps ) signals from solar storms . 35
R the final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement . they may enhance ionization layer when necessary .
H the ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellites based on demand , which can strengthen the ionosphere when needed . 23
H the ultimate goal may be to create a series of cube based on demand , which can strengthen the ionosphere when needed . 24
H the ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellites based on demand , which can strengthen the ionosphere when needed . 23
R but firstly , the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work .
H but first , these teams with the air force have to prove that scientific principles will work . 13
H but first , these teams with the air force must prove that the scientific principle will work . 11
H but first , the team that signed the contract with the air force must demonstrate that the scientific principles will work . 5
R industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1.8 billion tons .
H industry figures show that the total coal capacity is close to 6 billion tons in 2015 , with a national coal capacity of 1.8 billion tons . 24
H industry data show that the total size of coal capacity in 2015 is close to 6 billion tons , and the country 's coal capacity has been in excess of 1.8 billion tons . 20
H industry data show that 2015 coal production capacity of nearly 6 billion tons , the national coal production capacity of 1.8 billion tons . 21
R over the past decade , the state council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity .
H over the past decade , the state council has issued a total of five notices to eliminate excess and backward capacity . 9
H over the past decade , the state council has issued five notifications of surplus and backward capacity . 11
H in recent ten years , the state council has issued a total of 5 times before and after the elimination of excess and backward production capacity notice . 19
R although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry , the target industry is directly related with coal industry .
H although the previous four did not target the coal industry , but the target industry directly related to the coal industry . 15
H although the first four times have not been directed against the coal industry , the target industry is directly related to the coal industry . 14
H although the first 4 times did not target the coal industry , but the target industry directly related to the coal industry . 16
R from last november to this january , the price of qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan/ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss .
H between november and january , the 5,500-strong coal prices 5500 kung fu coal prices kcal was hovering over a period of 370 yuan / tonne , and 90 percent of coal companies lost money of the island 's island hovered at 370 yuan / ton lows , and 90 % of coal companies fell into losses 5500 kcal was hovering around 370 yuan / ton and 90 percent of coal companies lost money . 72
H last november to january this year , the price of 5,500 per calories was long hovering at 370 yuan / ton low , and 90 % of coal companies were in a loss . 27
H last november to this january , qinhuangdao 5500 kcal power coal prices for a long time in 370 yuan/ton low hovering , 90 % of coal enterprises into a loss . 20
R and since february , coal prices gradually picked up , qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks , rose to 16 months high , once climbed to 436 yuan per ton , up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning .
H coal prices have risen steadily since february , and the recent rise in the price of the qin imperial island has risen to a 16-month high of $ 436 a tonne , up nearly 70 yuan from the beginning of the year . 59
H since february , coal prices have risen gradually , with recent qinhuangdao coal prices rising around four weeks , rising to a peak of 16 months , rising to $ 436 per ton , up nearly 70 yuan from the beginning of the year . 31
H and since february , coal prices have gradually picked up , the recent qinhuangdao power coal price is continuously rising around , rose to a 16-month high , once climbed to 436 yuan per ton , a rise of nearly 70 yuan . 27
R with the price rising , come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
H as prices pick up , worries about it will ensue : will a batch of small coal mines recover ? 25
H as the price picks up , there is a concern that a small number of small coal mines will not go back to work ? 28
H as the price picks up , all the worries come along : will a batch of small coal mines return to resuming production ? 19
R in this regard , kuang xianming , head of the economic research institute of the china ( hainan ) reform and development institute , conducted an analysis and interpretation .
H in this regard , china ( hainan ) has analyzed and interprets the development institute economy is the director of the reform of the institute of development studies , . 34
H in this regard , china ( hainan ) research and development institute of china ( hainan ) , the director of the institute of reform and development ( hainan ) , conducted an analysis and interpretation . 25
H in this respect , china ( hainan ) reform and development institute of economic director kao xianming analysis and interpretation . 21
R kuang xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries . the report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed .
H wei xianming : the production capacity aroused the attention of all sides , today published in the coal industry to the production capacity of the report on the report did make people worried . 44
H kuang wise : caused today . 30
H kao xianming : to production capacity has aroused the attention of all parties , the coal industry released today to the production capacity of the report card also really make everyone feel more worried . 39
R these three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change . that is , the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed .
H these three factors still reflect the relative lag in our way of growth in the past , which has not yet been fundamentally transformed by government-led growth . 33
H these three surface factors reflect the fact that the relative lag in our growth approach in the past is that the government growth approach has not yet been fundamentally transformed . 26
H the three-layer factor reflects the relative lag of our growth patterns in the past , where the government-led growth pattern has not yet undergone a fundamental shift . 33
R second , it is also directly related with the force of local government . during the overcapacity cut process , the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place . from this point of view , the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions .
H second , this is also directly related to the push of the local government , and in the process of generating capacity , funds and matching arrangements are in place . 43
H second , it is also directly related to the advancement of local governments , and in the process of 去产能 , funds and corresponding measures are in place and , in this regard , the differences in different regions are indeed larger . 39
H second , this is directly related to the promotion of local government , in the process of going to capacity , funds and corresponding measures are to be in place , from this perspective , the difference between different regions is indeed relatively large . 39
R thirdly , some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year .
H third , if some provinces currently slow in progress are to catch up in the second half of the year , they may face greater risk . 29
H third , if some of the provinces that are currently in a relatively slow pace are going to catch progress in the second half of the year , they may face a greater risk . 29
H third , if some of the provinces that are slower now are going to catch up in the second half of the year , they may face greater risks . 30
R in this case , relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact .
H in this case , it may be negative to rely on central funding to advance the process of capacity . 21
H in such cases , the process of relying on the central award to advance the 去产能 process could have a negative impact . 20
H in this case , the process of boosting the capacity by relying on the central prize for funding may have some negative effects . 25
R first , the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control .
H first , the production capacity is not simply a total amount of control . 10
H first , 去产能 is not simply 进行 control . 9
H first of all , go to capacity is not simple to carry out total control . 14
R our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity , promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry .
H our aim is to improve the structure of the whole coal industry by eliminating outdated capacity and improving structural optimization . 28
H our aim is to reconstruction the structure of the whole coal industry by eliminating backward production capacity , advancing the structure optimization and rebuilding the whole coal industry . 26
H our aim is to reconstruct the new industry of the whole coal industry by eliminating backward production capacity and promoting structural optimization . 30
R during the process of overcapacity cut deploying , the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry .
H in the process of deploying capacity , the local government must be able to combine the transformation of production capacity and the coal industry to develop the relevant services . 18
H in the process of deploying 去产能 , local governments must combine the transformation of the coal industry and coal industry to develop the related services . 22
H in the process of deployment to capacity , the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the related services . 13
R second , in order to complete this year 's overcapacity cut task within this year , we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision .
H second , to complete this year 's production capacity in this year , we will have to take full advantage of the power of executive supervision and administrative oversight by the end of . 28
H secondly , in order to complete this year 's 去产能 mission this year , we should also take full advantage of the power of administrative oversight and administrative supervision . 20
H secondly , in order to complete this year 's capacity task , we should give full play to the power of administrative supervision and administrative monitoring . 13
R finally , we should strengthen the role of social security .
H finally , we need to strengthen social security . 6
H finally , we need to strengthen the backstop role of social security . 4
H finally , we should strengthen the reveals role of social security . 1
R because the market is directly related to the employment problem , we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees .
H because the market is directly related to employment problems , we need to strengthen the training skills for employees and employees . 12
H because the market directly involves the problem of employment , we need to strengthen employment skills training for employees and employees . 14
H because the market directly involves the problem of employment , we should strengthen the employment skills training for employees and workers . 14
R `` the reason for the ranking decline is that brazilian gdp growth is expected to worsen in the medium term . ''
H `` the decline is due to foreign investment expected to deteriorate in the medium-term brazilian gdp growth . '' 19
H `` the decline is due to the fact that foreign investment has deteriorated in the medium term in brazil 's gdp growth . '' 25
H `` the decline was due to a worsening of foreign investment expectations for brazil 's gdp growth in the medium term . '' 24
R in 2015 , brazil 's participation in global direct investment was 3.7 % , down from 5.7 % in 2014 .
H brazil 's participation in global direct investment is 3.7 per cent in 2015 , down from 5.7 per cent in 2014 . 13
H in 2015 , brazil 's participation in global direct investment was 3.7 % , down from 5.7 % in 2014 . 0
H brazil 's participation in global direct investment was 3.7 % in 2015 , below 2014 's 5.7 % . 13
R the international investment attractiveness index of credit suisse bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure , economic outlook , business environment and direct investment .
H the credit suisse international investment attraction index includes four sub-indices : infrastructure , economic outlook , business environment and direct investment volume . 9
H the credit suisse bank 's international investment attractive index includes four sub-item : infrastructure , economic prospects , business environment and direct investment . 15
H credit suisse 's international investment attractiveness index includes 4 sub-index : infrastructure , economic outlook , business environment and direct investment . 13
R in 2015 , brazil 's international direct investment was $ 64.6 billion , down from $ 73.1 billion in 2014 .
H brazil 's international direct investment is $ 64.6 billion in 2015 , down from $ 73.1 billion in 2014 . 7
H in 2015 , brazil 's international direct investment was $ 646 billion , down from $ 731 billion in 2014 . 8
H in 2015 , brazil 's international direct investment was $ 64.6 billion , below 2014 's $ 73.1 billion . 8
R last year , brazil 's `` green investment '' ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17.9 billion , a year-on-year fall of 2.1 % .
H last year , the `` greenbelt investment '' in brazil ( investment model for investment in foreign investment plants ) was $ 17.9 billion , down 2.1 per cent over the previous year-on-year . 36
H last year , brazil 's `` greenfield investment '' ( investment model for investing abroad ) was $ 179 billion , a decrease of 2.1 % over the same year . 24
H last year , the `` greenfield investment '' in brazil ( the investment model for foreign investment to set up a factory ) was $ 17.9 billion , down 2.1 % . 30
R `` there are 288 'green land investment ' projects in brazil , with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 '' .
H `` there are 288 greenfield investments in brazil , compared with 314 years from 2003 to 2014 . '' 17
H `` there are a total of 288 '' greenfield investment `` projects in brazil , compared with 314 years from 2003 to 2014 . '' 19
H `` there are 288 greenfield investment projects in brazil , with an annual average of 314 from 2003 to 2014 . '' 10
R however , in the first half of 2016 , the international direct investment in brazil had reached $ 33.8 billion , an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year .
H however , in the first half of 2016 , international direct investment in brazil has reached $ 338 billion , up almost 10 per cent from the same period last year . 14
H however , in the first half of 2016 , international direct investment in brazil had reached $ 338 billion , an almost 10 % increase compared to the same period last year . 11
H however , in the first half of 2016 , international direct investment in brazil reached $ 33.8 billion , up almost 10 % from the same period last year . 12
R title : canadian police killed is supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
H the original title : canadian police killed is supporters : a homemade bomb attacks on the city near completion 11
H original supporters is : homemade ready 16
H original title : canadian police killed is supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations for the end of the work 6
R the taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to the dreyfus before the police arrived .
H the taxi company said the taxi was scheduled to be transferred to the terai home of the police before the police arrived . 11
H the taxi company said the taxi was moved to driver 's home before the police arrived . 8
H the taxi company said the taxi had been dispatched to driver 's home before the police arrived . 9
R canadian police said at a news conference on wednesday that the information received by the police included the `` martyrdom video '' sent by the young man to the us federal bureau of investigation . according to the video , the young man will launch strike .
H in a news conference wednesday , canadian police said police received information about the `` martyrdom video '' of the young man who was about to commit an attack . 47
H in a press conference on wednesday , the canadian police said the information received by the police included the `` video video '' provided by the united states federal bureau of investigation on the attack on the young man . 35
H police in a press conference in wednesday said the information received included the `` martyrdom video '' provided by the fbi about the young man 's attack . 38
R according to the german voice , in the video , a man wearing a black barakella hat is reading the `` koran '' , referred to the crime against muslims , and vowed to attack a canadian city sooner .
H according to deutsche welle , a man wearing a black barak 's hat is reading the koran read the koran , referring to crimes against muslims and vowing to attack a city in canada soon . 33
H in the video , a man with a black hat was reading the koran , referring to crimes against muslims , and vowed to launch an attack on a city in canada soon . 28
H according to the german voice , a men wearing black balaclava caps were reading the koran , referring to crimes against muslims , and vowed to launch an attack on a canadian city soon . 27
R he said in the video , the attack will occur within 72 hours , and in the rush hour .
H in the video , he said the attack would take place within 72 hours and at peak hours . 17
H in the video , he said the attack would take place within 72 hours , and it was at peak time . 18
H he said in the video that the attack will take place within 72 hours , and in the rush hour . 5
R the incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after canadian prime minister justin trudeau came to power last year .
H the incident came after canadian prime minister justin trudeau took office last year when police first killed terrorist suspects in the first time in the case of the terror suspects before the incident came to . 36
H the incident was the first time the police killed the suspect before he came to power last year , when the prime minister of canada , justin trudeau , came to power last year . 25
H the incident was the first time the police killed a terrorist suspect before the incident last year after the canadian prime minister , justin trudeau , justin trodor . 23
R beijing-hangzhou grand canal branch channels old wanfu river and beidaliu will charge tolls since september 1 .
H the upgrade of the beijing-hangzhou grand canal channel of the grand canal of the grand canal , which collects tolls on channel of the beijing-hangzhou canal road the old wan wan river river extension road , the university of beijing on september 1 . 47
H the upgrade of the beijing grand canal feeder river 、 river and the north skating lanes charged 26
H after the upgrade and renovation of the beijing-hangzhou grand canal feeder channel old wanfu , the peking university slip waterway september 1 to collect tolls . 27
R the two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing . the charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments .
H the two tributaries have been reformed by social financing and the fees have been approved by provincial government departments . 14
H the two tributary channels take social financing to construct the construction , the fees have been approved by the relevant departments of the provincial government . 20
H these two tributary channel adopts the social financing way to carry on the reconstruction construction , the charge has been approved by the provincial government related department . 28
R the old wanfu river channel flows through jinxiang , yu tai and then through the nanyang lake into the beijing-hangzhou grand canal main channel , with a total length of 32.5 km .
H the old river waterway flows through the golden country , the fish terrace , and enters the main channel of the beijing-hangzhou grand canal , which is 32.5 km long . 32
H the old edmond river channel flows through township , new , and into the main channel of the beijing grand canal , with a total length of 32.5 km . 21
H old hail river channel through jinxiang , yutai , through the nanyang lake into the beijing-hangzhou grand canal main , the length of 32.5 kilometers . 17
R according to the navigation needs , the old wanfu river channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation . dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend . then the navigation conditions can be improved .
H according to the need of navigation , the old river channel adopts the way to repair the depth , the local water depth has been dredged has been dredged , the local emergency bending , etc . 50
H according to the requirement of navigation , the old river channel is used for conservation and modification , the local water depth has been carried out , local sharp are 进行 , and the navigation conditions can be improved . 39
H according to the need of navigation , the old hail river waterway adopts the way of maintenance and transformation , and the local water depth is deep , the local sharp bend is straightened , and the navigation conditions are improved . 39
R the channel flows through jinxiang county , rencheng area and then through the nanyang lake into the beijing-hangzhou grand canal main channel , with a total length of 19 km .
H the channel flows through the jinhua county , the downtown area , through the south yangyang lake into the main channel of the beijing-hangzhou grand canal , which is 19 kilometres long . 28
H the channel runs through the township district and the city of township and enters the main channel of the grand canal in the beijing grand canal , 19 km long . 38
H the channel flows through jinxiang county , rencheng district , through the nanyang lake into the beijing-hangzhou grand canal main , 19 kilometers . 13
R the renovation project of the two waterway started construction in february 2011. the delivery inspection was conducted in january 2015. the investment construction and operation main body is jining city anping canal logistics service center .
H the renovation works of two waterways began in february 2011 , and in january 2015 , it was that the construction and operation of the main body was a logistics centre in the city of jinping . 39
H the renovation of the two waterways was built in february 2011 , with the completion and acceptance of the over in january 2015 , and the investment construction and operation is the jining anping canal logistics service centre . 29
H the renovation project of the two fairways was started in february 2011 , completed the completion of completion in january 2015 , investment construction and operation main body for jining anping canal logistics service center . 20
R in accordance with the `` loan construction and charging for repaying loan '' principle , jining city anping canal logistics service center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by shandong provincial price bureau .
H according to the principle of `` loan construction and fee repayment , '' the logistics service center of jinping canal logistics centre in jinping city , shandong province price bureau , collects tolls on the basis of fees collected by the shandong provincial price bureau on the . 52
H according to the principle of `` loan construction and repayment of fees , '' the jining canal logistics service centre shall levy tolls on the basis of the fee standard for the approval of prices in shandong province . 47
H according to the principle of `` loan construction , paying repayment '' , jining anping canal logistics service center collects waterway tolls according to the charge standard approved by shandong provincial price bureau . 22
R among them , the basic toll is 1.75 yuan/dwt and mileage toll is 0.05 yuan/km dwt .
H of these , the basic toll fee is collected at 1.75 yuan / load , and the mileage of the mileage toll is measured by a ton of 0.05 yuan / km . 20
H of these , the base toll is based on $ 1.75 / heavy collected , and the mileage toll is at $ 0.05 / km heavy . 20
H among them , the basic toll according to 1.75 yuan/deadweight tonnage , mileage tolls per 0.05 yuan/km dwt charge . 13
R the toll collection date is from june 15 , 2016 to june 14 , 2019 .
H the toll is collected from 15 june 2016 to 14 june 2019 . 9
H tolls are collected from 15 june 2016 to 14 june 2019 . 14
H tolls are charged from june 15 , 2016 until june 14 , 2019 . 10
R reporters learned from jining port and waterway bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within jining territory , including zhushuihe channel , baima river channel , beidahang channel and laowanfu channel .
H according to the hong kong airways bureau of hong kong airlines in jinning , there are a total of four toll lanes in jinning , which is , the river channel , the white horse channel , the swimming channel of peking university and the old river basin . 54
H the reporter learned from jining pmb that there are currently four fees in jining , the 洙水 river channel , the white horse , the northern skating waterway , and the old 万福河 . 43
H the reporter learned from the jining pmb that there are currently 4 toll lanes in the territory of jining , namely , shinghui waterway , baima river channel , peking road , old hail river channel . 38
R these four channels are beijing-hangzhou grand canal tributary channels , which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing .
H the four lanes for the tributary waterway of the beijing-hangzhou grand canal , which has been upgraded by social financing . 23
H four channels for the tributary of the beijing grand canal are upgraded in the form of social financing . 17
H the 4 waterway is the tributary channel of the grand canal of beijing-hangzhou , and all of them adopt the way of social financing . 29
R zhushuihe channel upgrade renovation project is the first project adopting the mode of `` government + market '' for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within shandong province . the government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap .
H the `` government + market '' model is the first to adopt the `` government + market '' model , which is used by the in infrastructure construction infrastructure construction projects in shandong province of shandong province . 55
H the lanes is the first to use the `` government + market '' model for the construction of the basis infrastructure in shandong province . 40
H shinghui waterway upgrading and renovation project is the first to adopt the `` government + market '' model , used in shandong province inland waterway infrastructure construction projects , the government accounted for the main investment , social funds to replenish the funding gap . 46
R baima river , the laowanfu river and beidaliu river and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation .
H the white horse , the old waves river , the university of pattani river and other secondary channels take the form of pure market operation . 24
H the feeder , the old edmond river , the northern skating river , and other feeder channels take the way of purely market operation . 23
H the white horse river , the old wanfu , the north river and other feeder channel take the pure market operation way . 19
R the funds allocated by the state finance can not meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade .
H the funds allocated by the state can not meet the needs of the construction and restrict the progress of the channel . 3
H the funds allocated by the state are not able to meet the needs of engineering construction and restrict the progress of the upgrading of the waterway . 14
H the funds allocated by the state can not meet the needs of construction and restrict the progress of the waterway upgrade . 5
R social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding .
H social funds for public infrastructure construction meet the requirements of national policy , as well as the way to crack the capital bottleneck . 27
H the use of social funds for the construction of public infrastructure is in line with the requirements of national policy and is also a way to crack down on financial bottlenecks . 23
H social funds for public infrastructure construction in line with the requirements of national policies , but also become the way to crack capital bottlenecks . 26
R ning zetao 's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of chinese audience speechless .
H ning tao 's performance in the 100-meter freestyle semifinal has left many chinese viewers speechless . 17
H ning 's performance in the 100 freestyle half has made many chinese viewers speechless . 12
H ningzetao 's performance in the semi-finals of the 100-metre freestyle has made many chinese audiences silent . 22
R actually , this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of ning zetao . his performance and best achievement in kazan world championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project .
H but in the 50-meter freestyle preliminaries , ningze tao once again refreshed the `` bottom line '' of people. `` 51
H but in the 50 freestyle , ning peter once again refresh people 's `` bottom line . '' 52
H in the 50-metre freestyle preliminaries , ningzetao once again refreshed people 's `` bottom line . '' 53
R sure enough , ta kung pao , an authoritative media in hong kong , revealed that the biggest reason for ning zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming .
H in fact , the 50-meter freestyle is not the main item , his performance and his best results at kazan world championships , and his chances of making a breakthrough in the project are slim . 59
H in fact , the 50 freestyle is not a ning pillar , and his performance and best grades in kazan world championships also determine his chances of making a breakthrough in this project . 55
H in fact , 50 meters freestyle is not ningzetao items , his performance in the kazan world championships and the best results , but also decided that his project to make a breakthrough is unlikely . 53
R many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas . he is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle .
H sure enough , the hong kong 's authoritative press said that the biggest reason for ningzo 's defeat was that he had lost interest in swimming . 46
H sure enough , hong kong 's authoritative media , , revealed that the biggest reason for the defeat was that he had lost interest in swimming . 45
H sure enough , hong kong 's authoritative media , the big communiqué , revealed that the biggest reason for ningzetao 's failure was that he had lost interest in swimming . 50
R after kazan world championships , ning zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance .
H many of the off-site factors on the sidelines may have had a big impact on his thinking about the future , and he is now likely to be more interested in entering the entertainment industry . 50
H many of the factors on the sidelines could have had a great influence on his future ideas , and he might be more interested in moving into the entertainment industry . 43
H many factors outside the field may have had a big impact on his ideas for the future , and he is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle . 42
R as a result , `` national husband ( a good match ) '' , `` fresh little meat '' , `` gorgeous '' , etc . have become his label .
H after the world championships in kazan world championships , ningze tao , with its high quality and good results , is a net red moment . 55
H after the world championships , ning peter , with its high 颜值 and good grades , became a 网红 in a moment . 52
H kazan world championships , ningzetao by virtue of its super high value and good results , instant become a net red . 49
R a variety of business activities came to him . he really have a golden flashing prospect .
H as a result , `` the national husband , '' `` small meat , '' `` pattern male '' , such as the name is constantly on his body . 49
H as a result , `` national husband , '' `` small meat , '' `` figure , '' and so on are also labels on him . 44
H thus , `` national husband '' , `` small meat '' , `` pattern of the united states '' and other forms of address has become his label . 48
R in this case , that ning zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle , is not only his freedom , but also a seemingly viable way .
H all kinds of business activities come to the door , the beautiful money , become a golden light flashing . 37
H all kinds of commercial activities come to the door , good money , become a golden flashing . 35
H a variety of business activities to find the door , the good money , become a glittering road . 36
R after all , he is only 23 years old . after a certain degree of study , he can perform some tv series with his popularity .
H in this case , ningzao even chose to join the entertainment circle at this time , not only his freedom , but also a plausible way , that he will . 46
H in this case , ning is not only his freedom , but also a seemingly viable path , even if he chooses to retire in the entertainment industry at this time . 45
H in this case , ningzetao even choose to retire at this time to join the entertainment circle , is not only his freedom , but also a plausible path . 47
R but ning zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors .
H after all , he is only 23 years old , and after a certain degree of study , it can entirely rely on his popularity in a series of fully rely on his popularity in a series of able to play one or two tv dramas . 55
H after all , he was only 23 years old , and after a certain study , he would be able to play a couple of tv dramas by virtue of his popularity . 43
H after all , he is only 23 years old , after a certain amount of study , can rely on his popularity to play one or two tv dramas . 38
R at the 2000 sydney olympic games , the already 21-year-old liu xuan came to the end of athlete career .
H but will it be necessary to see if he is qualified enough to compare himself to those of his predecessors ? 41
H but ning needs to see if , in comparison with these predecessors , do you have enough qualifications ? 41
H but ningzetao need to see , oneself and these predecessors compared , not have enough qualifications ? 39
R the beautiful appearance of liu xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle .
H at the sydney olympics in 2000 , liu xuan , 21-year-old , has reached the end of his career . 37
H in the 2000 sydney olympics , liu xuan , 21 , has come to the end of his career . 31
H the 2000 sydney olympics , the 21-year-old xuan has come to the end of his career . 34
R after retirement , liu xuan starred in a number of tv series , and in 2013 she set up her own studio .
H liu xuan 's appearance let her quickly be remembered , also set her future foray into the entertainment industry foundation for . 34
H liu xuan 's beautiful appearance made her quickly remembered and laid the foundation for her future career in the entertainment industry . 36
H xuan 's beautiful appearance made her quickly remembered and laid the groundwork for her future foray into the entertainment circle . 37
R tian liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two olympic games , and won 2 gold and 2 silver .
H after retiring , liu xuan appeared in many tv series , and set up his own studio in 2013 . 37
H after his retirement , liu xuan played a series of tv dramas and set up his own studio in 2013 . 40
H after retiring , xuan starred in a number of tv dramas and set up his own studio in 2013 . 37
R but when he was defeated by his counterpart hu jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 olympic games , tian liang 's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team .
H tian liang took part in two olympic games singles 10 meters competition , and obtained 2 gold 2 silver . 50
H field took part in the two olympic games of the 单双人 decade race , and obtained 2 gold and 2 silver . 50
H tian participated in the two olympic games single two-person 10-meter competition , and won 2 gold 2 silver . 49
R but when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show `` dad , where are we going ? `` , he became a focus .
H but after losing to teammate hu jia in the 2004 olympic games single 10-meter race , tian liang 's performance declined and was ejected from the diving team . 50
H but after losing to his teammates in the 2004年 game in the 2004 olympic games , the field of the field fell and was ejected from the diving team . 48
H but after losing to teammate hu jia in the 2004 olympic games single 10-meter competition , tian 's athletic state declined and was fired by the diving team . 50
R the once gold generation yang wei , li xiaopeng and chen yibing all participated in a variety of variety show .
H and he and his daughter attend `` daddy go where '' variety show , let him make the full eye he made a lot of money . 42
H and he and his daughter took a variety show , such as `` where dad went , '' and he made him earn the eye . 39
H and he and his daughter to participate in `` dad to where '' and other variety shows , but also let him earn enough eyeballs . 41
R it is worth mentioning that , yang wei and li xiaopeng led the chinese team and won champion in the 2008 olympic games men 's team . yang wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the almighty king .
H the former gymnast gold generation yang wei , li xiaopeng and chen 's ice are all high profile to participate in various variety shows . 56
H the former gymnastics gold generation , yang wei , li xiaopeng , and chen 一冰 are all high-profile in various variety programs . 55
H once the gymnastics gold generation yang , xiaopeng and yibing all high-profile participate in various variety shows . 56
R and chen yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 olympic games men 's team .
H it is worth mentioning that yang wei li led china to win the 2008 olympic games champion , yang wei to win the individual all-round gold medal , known as the all-energy king . 52
H it is worth mentioning that yang wei had led china to win the 2008 olympic games artistic , and yang wei took the individuals gold medal twice , called almighty . 45
H it is worth mentioning that , yang xiaopeng then led china to win the 2008 olympic games nan champion , yang is two times to get a personal all-around gold , known as the almighty king . 53
R but after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the london olympic games , his magnanimous act won him so many funs .
H chen , who led china to the 2012 olympic team champion , also became king of the ring . 35
H chen 一冰 , while leading china to the 2012 olympic group champion , also became the ring king . 35
H while yibing led china to the 2012-year olympic group championship , it also became the king of the rings . 38
R however , these game players mainly focus on the venue , they just touch and then go at the variety show .
H and after a gold medal in london for misjudging the gold medal , chen 's generous move , also let him circle the of the wake of the . 44
H and after the london gold medal in the london olympics , chen 一冰 's generous move , also made him 圈粉 . 39
H and in the london olympic games suffered a miscarriage of justice after the loss of gold , yibing magnanimous move , also let him circle powder countless . 44
R however , no matter whether they are retired or active athletes , they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle .
H but these athletes are still focused on the main energy of the game , and the variety shows are just like water . 40
H but the main energy of the athletes is still in the field , and the variety show is just like a dragonfly some . 41
H but the athletes ' main energy is still on the field , and for the variety show is just like a superficial-touch off . 43
R after all , athletes have just stepped into a new area , so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection .
H but whether it is a retired or active athlete , it is possible to be able to get the entertainment circle will need to be able to get a industry in of the performance of the performance . 50
H but whether they are retired or active in active service , it will be necessary to get the favor of the entertainment industry . 44
H but whether it is retired or active athletes , to be able to get the favor of the entertainment circle need to get the results to do the protection . 50
R even for tian liang and liu xuan , who are not new in the entertainment circle , common people always think of their performance at the olympic games when mentioning them .
H after all , the athletes step into a new field , both the ability and the human connection , is a blank state . 46
H after all , athletes step into a new field , both capacity and networking , is a blank state . 44
H after all , the athlete enters a new field , whether ability or network , is a blank state . 44
R and the introduction of yang wei and li xiaopeng at the variety show is always olympic games champion .
H even if tian liang and liu xuan have been the `` old man '' for many years , and the general audience mentioned them , more still think of their performance at the olympics . 44
H even the field , liu xuan , who through the entertainment industry for many years , the ordinary audience against them , more about their performance in the olympic games . 40
H even the `` old man '' , who has been in the entertainment circle for many years , is tian and xuan , and the average audience is still thinking about their performance at the olympics . 48
R compared with these people , ning zetao is slightly weaker for the title of swimming world championships .
H but yang wei , li xiaopeng and other new recruits , on the variety of art shows , all the variety show appearance when the introduction of the `` olympic champion . '' 45
H but yang wei , li xiaopeng and other new people , the introduction of the variety show , without exception , is `` olympic champion . '' 37
H and yang , xiaopeng and other new , in the variety show when the introduction , no exception is `` olympic champion . '' 38
R compared with these people , the title of ning zetao , a swimming world championship , is not so great .
H more than a few people , ningguo the world champion of swimming world champion is still slightly thin . 24
H compared to the above , the title of a swimming world championship is still slightly thin . 16
H compared to the above several people , ningzetao a swimming world champion 's first name still slightly thin . 27
R moreover , compared with the withdrawal of tian liang , liu xuan and yang wei , etc . at their peaks , the withdrawal of ning zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image .
H moreover , compared to tian liang , liu xuan , yang wei , and other people , the in the 23 years of sports career in the 23 , sports career , a few setbacks , ningzo will be a setback in the 23 , sports career , the negative impact on his image , the negative impact on his image is probably immeasurable . 67
H in addition , compared to the dying , liu xuan , yang wei , and others , ning peter , if it is 23 years old and a little setback in sports career , the negative impact on its image is probably immeasurable . 54
H moreover , compared to tian , xuan , yang and other people 's career , ningzetao if in 23 years of age , a little setback in sports life jiliuyongtui , the image of its negative impact is probably immeasurable . 60
R after all , at the mention of athletes , people 's requirements on athletes are `` not seeking victory but for no fear of danger '' . ning zetao lags far behind from this point .
H after all , to mention athletes , people are `` not to be a hundred wins , but not afraid of the dangers , '' ningtao distance is still far from the point . 37
H after all , in the case of athletes , people 's demands are `` not , but in spite of the fear , '' and the distance is much worse . 35
H after all , to mention the athletes , people 's requirements are `` not to seek the invincible , but for the sake of difficulties , '' ningzetao distance this point is still a lot worse . 35
R at the very least , ning zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans .
H by the end of the day , you can rely on your face to gain the support of a myriad of brain residues. `` 28
H after ten thousand steps , ning is so handsome that it can rely on 颜值 to obtain the support of thousands of brain . 24
H 10,000 step back said , ningzetao long handsome , can rely on the value of beauty to obtain thousands of brain residue powder support . 33
R it is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training .
H no power , just on the outside , want to be in the entertainment circle , this is not as difficult as a good training to get back it 's harder than training to get back . 40
H there is no power , only on the appearance , want to be in the entertainment industry , it is not more difficult to get back to the state . 38
H no point of skill , only rely on the appearance , want to mix in the entertainment circle , this difficulty is not better than good training back to the state is difficult . 40
R you have to listen to your inner voice on your life path . but as for how to choose , ning zetao should be quite conscious .
H the road of life is the choice of individual will , but how to choose , ningze tao should be known . 31
H the choice of life is based on individual will , but how to choose , ning should have a number . 30
H the way of life choice depends on the individual will , but in the end how to choose , ningzetao heart should have several . 36
R on the surface , the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people 's loneliness .
H on the face of it , social networking platform has expanded the social network , reduces people 's loneliness . 16
H on the surface , the network social platform expands the communication circle , reduces the sense of loneliness . 14
H on the face of it , the network social platform expands the communication circle and reduces people 's sense of loneliness . 12
R the sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact , but also gets down to the offline living circle , quietly changing the current social life of the people .
H the social sphere of social networking has become more widespread , not only gradually replacing traditional telephone contacts , but even into the offline real life circle , quietly change the social life of the present . 28
H the scope of the network is more and more widespread , not only gradually replacing the traditional telephone contact , but even 渗入 into the real life circle of offline , quietly changing the social life of the current population . 34
H the network social sphere is more and more widespread , not only gradually replaces the traditional telephone contact , even penetrates the real life circle under the line , quietly changes the social life of the present people . 32
R the benefits of online social network are obvious , convenient and quick , so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people .
H the benefits of online social networking are obvious , such as convenience and convenience , so it 's especially vulnerable to young people . 16
H the benefits of online socializing are obvious , such as easy and quick , and therefore particularly vulnerable to young communities . 17
H the benefits of online socializing are obvious , such as convenient and quick , so it 's especially easy to be favored by younger groups . 22
R a survey of college students ' social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives .
H a survey of college students ' social habits shows that 57 percent of college students spend more than five hours a day on their cell phones , and their daily life is the `` invisible . '' 29
H a survey of the social habits of college students shows that 57 % of college students use their mobile phones for more than five hours per day . 32
H a survey of college students ' social habits shows that 57 % of college students use their mobile phones more than 5 hours a day , and the basics of daily life are `` not on hand '' . 33
R `` social network features low cost , fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people . this meets the requirement of modern college students . ''
H `` the social network has the characteristics of low-cost , rapid transmission speed , many people simultaneous communication characteristics , meet the needs of contemporary college students . '' 26
H `` social networks have the characteristics of low cost , speed of transmission , and exchange communication , and are in line with the needs of contemporary college students . '' 30
H `` social networks have the characteristics of low cost , fast transmission and simultaneous communication , which is in line with the needs of contemporary college students , '' he said . 29
R expanding the interpersonal relationship circle , more equal dialogue , avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat .
H expand interpersonal circle and the circle of relationships , talking more equitably , avoiding social concerns is the main reason for our growing love online . 29
H expanding the circle of interpersonal relationships , more equal dialogue and avoiding social concerns is the main reason why we love online . 24
H expanding the circle of relationships , talking more equitably , and avoiding social concerns are the main reasons why we love online chat more . 22
R new comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues . `` we are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company . the likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. ``
H new hires love to talk to their colleagues , `` because it is not so familiar with it , '' he said , they do n't know well enough to the through the company and have a lot closer relationship with social networking platforms . 66
H new people who have just entered the company love to communicate with their colleagues online , `` because they are not well known , and the relationship is much closer than before . 51
H just entered the company 's new love with colleagues online communication , `` because only into the unit is not very familiar , through the social platform of praise comments , the relationship is much closer than before . '' 58
R people who love to make friends also love online communication . `` i lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings . we became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting . ''
H `` i did n't get in touch with my friends for some misunderstanding , then a conversation in a large group , and then i got warmed up , '' he said . 54
H love 跟 exchange because 41
H love friends also commonly used on-line communication , `` before with friends because some misunderstanding for a period of time did not contact , and later in a large group of dialogue before a few words and heat up . '' 56
R it engineer wu yan is a profound social networking lovers . his majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends .
H mr. wu , an engineer , is a deep network social enthusiast , most of his social life takes place on line , the line , and the network contacts are more numerous than the number of friends . 46
H the it engineer wu made is a deep network of social lovers , most of his social life is online , and network contacts are more than the number of friends in the line . 33
H it engineer wu yan is a deep network of social enthusiasts , most of his social life occurs online , network contacts are more than the number of online friends circle . 32
R wu yan himself admitted that the network is more `` in his element '' .
H wu said he also admitted that he was himself admitted that he was more `` fish water '' on the internet . 21
H wu said he also confessed to a more `` fish in water '' on the internet . 20
H wu yan himself also frankly in the network more `` duck to water . '' 14
R `` you can respond to your friends when you are willing , because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly .
H `` you can respond to your friends when you are willing to be willing , because there are a lot of discretionary words that can be made clearer that can be made clearer . '' 28
H `` you can respond to your friends when you are convenient for yourself , because there is a lot of time , and the expression is more clear . '' 21
H `` you can respond to your friends at your convenience , because there are a lot of time to think about it . '' 21
R `` the communication hidden below one 's id can avoid interpersonal clash . this not only has room for maneuver , and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds . ''
H `` by hiding you under the id , i avoid face-to-face interpersonal collisions , not only has the room for manoeuvre , but also gives each other a lot of time and space to contemplate . '' 38
H `` you are hidden under your id to avoid a face-to-face interpersonal collision , not only a room for manoeuvre , but even more time and space for each other . 41
H `` hidden under the id of you come to me to avoid face-to-face collisions , not only have the leeway to maneuver , and even give each other more time and space to contemplate words and deeds . '' 38
R `` people of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech . various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet . ''
H `` people with different identities have the right and efficiency to speak the same way , and social concerns in real life seem to erase in cyberspace . '' 27
H `` people of different identities have the same right and efficiency , and social concerns in real life seem to have been eliminated in cyberspace . '' 21
H `` people of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speak , and social concerns in real life seem to be eliminated in cyberspace . '' 16
R however , xiaopeng , a friend of wu yan , thought that wu yan is a `` very boring otaku . ''
H but wu yi 's friend , xiao peng , however , that life in wu is a `` pretty boring mansion man . '' 25
H but wu 's friend , xiaopeng xiaopeng , felt that the wu made in life was a `` quite 的 . '' 27
H however , wu yan 's friend xiao peng felt that the life of wu yan is a `` pretty boring otaku . '' 18
R xiaopeng and wuyan meet each other in the group chatting . they two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers .
H xiao peng and wu met in a large group , because both were active speakers and soon became familiar . 30
H xiaopeng and wu spoke in a large crowd , because both were active speakers and soon got up . 29
H xiao peng and wu yan in a large group of acquaintances , because both are active speakers , soon cooked up . 30
R xiaopeng thought that wuyan is quite different from the one on internet . he is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views . his words are repeated like this , `` oh , yes , right '' , or `` i will check it online '' .
H xiao peng thinks that wu said to the network , the words are is boring , do not do not take the initiative to comment , tossing and turning is `` right ? i 'm going to the internet . '' 70
H xiaopeng think . 55
H xiaopeng think wu talk with the network , speech boring , also do not take the initiative to comment , tossing and turning is a few words `` hehe , good , is it '' , or `` this i want to check the internet . '' 63
R lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles .
H mausoleum water police has now stepped in to investigate , and the lingling traffic department will also intensify efforts to clean up illegal operating vehicles . 23
H lingshui police have now been involved in the investigation , and the lingshui transport sector will also intensify its efforts to address illegal operating vehicles . 15
H lingshui police are now involved in the investigation , lingshui traffic department will also increase efforts to combat illegal vehicles . 14
